https://www.adultpleasurepalace.com
AdultPleasurePalace.com
By clicking the enter button, you agree to the above terms, certify that you are at least 18 years of age (21 in some
states), have read the above warning and it is legal for you to view adult material in your area.
Sexual Content Warning
SEXUAL CONTENT WARNING
If you are of legal age and adult material does not offend you, please read the Legal Disclaimer below before entering this website.
The information, links, images and videos contained on this web site are of a sexually explicit nature. If you are under the age of 18 (21 in some states) or if it's illegal to view sexually explicit material in your area, please leave now.
Please read, understand and comply with the following conditions before you continue:1. I am at least 18 years of age.
2. The sexually explicit material I am viewing is for my own personal use and I will not expose minors to the material.
3. I desire to receive/view sexually explicit material.
4. The viewing, reading and downloading of sexually explicit materials does not violate the standards of my community, town, city, state or country.
5. I am solely responsible for any false disclosures or legal ramifications of viewing, reading or downloading any material in this site. Furthermore this website nor its affiliates will be held responsible for any legal ramifications arising from fraudulent entry into or use of this website.
6. I agree that by entering this website, I am subjecting myself to the personal jurisdiction of the State I reside in should any dispute arise at any time between this website and myself.
7. This warning page constitutes a legal agreement between this website and you.
8. All models/ actresses and actors whose images appear on this site are over the age of 18, have consented being photographed and/or filmed, have signed model release and provided proof of age.
9. If you've read and fully understand the above agreement, and you affirm and swear that viewing/downloading/receiving sexually explicit materials does not violate the standards of your community, that you won't make any of the materials available to minors in any form,
that you are wholly liable for any legal ramifications that may arise for your receiving or viewing of these materials and that you are over the age of 18 you may enter the site.In compliance with the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also known as 18 U.S.C. 2257),
all models located within our domain were 18 years of age or older during the time of photography.All models' proof of age is held by the custodian of records, which is listed on the custodial records page, organized by producer.
All content and images are in full compliance with the requirements of 18 U.S.C. 2257 and associated regulations.
For info on preventing minors accessing inappropriate material, visit NetNanny, CyberPatrol, CyberSitter, SafeSurf.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement.
Copyright © 2016 www.adultpleasurepalace.com All Rights Reserved
U.S.C. 2257 custodial records page
You will be able to click this logo to verify at our checkout