https://www.adultshopping.com.au
AdultShopping.com | The World's Largest Affiliate Program for Sex Toys and Adult Products
Contact Us
forum:
http://forums.sextoyclub.com/forumdisplay.php?f=7
email: partners@adultproductsupport.com
phone: 888.273.9869
Create an Account
You're just moments away from building your FREE adult sex toy store!
By clicking Sign up, I agree to theTerms of Service.
Sign Up
Already have an account? Sign in
Go Shopping
Why Choose Us?
Features
Showcase
Contact Us
Sign Up FREE
Log In
Join the largest adult product white label affiliate and e-commerce marketing program
Over $12,000,000 in commissions paid!
Sign Up Free!
If you are already selling adult products:Move to our platform and we GUARANTEE to double your profits.   (More Info)
If you are new to the Adult Product Industry:Get a state of the art customizable adultproduct store for free and start making money inthis booming industry today.  (Sign Up)
Why Choose AdultShopping?
The first white label affiliate program for adult products on the internet since 1996 offers you a free opportunity to make money marketing one of the fastest growing consumer items in the world.
Our unparalleled tools allow you to create your own brand and unique ecommerce store.
You can market over 100K products and earn the highest commission (20%) on sales at the most competitive prices for products.
Its free and easy, give it a try and start earning money right now!
20 Years Experience
CNV.com, Inc. has been selling sex toys on the Internet since 1995 and created the world's first white label affiliate program for adult products in 1996.
The white label program was orinally marketed as SexToySex.com and later become MyFreeWebsite.com in 2009.
In January 2015, CNV.com, Inc. launched its newest affiliate platform as AdultShopping.com.
60,000+ Adult Products Shipped to Your Customers
60,000+ Sex Toys, Lingerie, and more shipped fast and discreetly from 40+ distribution centers.
Web 4.0 Mobile Friendly E-Commerce Platform
Built from the ground up on Amazon AWS, a cloud computing platform, we offer our affiliates a modern, highly-customizable, fully responsive mobile-friendly E-Commerce site.
Powerful Sales Tools
With real-time sales reports, deep integration with Google Analytics, and sophisticated marketing and design tools, we help you find customers and convert traffic into sales.
How Does it Work?
Sign up for free and you get your own adult product store.
If you want, use our tools to customize your store including putting it under your own domain.
All sales from transaction, to shipping, to customer service is handled by us.
Your job is to get traffic, market the products, and enjoy commission income paid monthly.
The Technology Advantage
AdultShopping.com was built entirely on Amazon's cloud computing platform, which allows us to provide unparalleled up-time, response time, and scalability.
We automatically add servers to meet the web traffic demands of our affiliates.
We also have the most robust product attributes and search engine in the industry, powered by Amazon CloudSearch.
"We have been with this affiliate program since 1999.
We tried all the competitors and have stuck with AdultShopping because its the best."
SandraOwner - SexToys.com
"The support staff has been great at helping me keep my store fresh with my own content and ideas.
And the sales just keep coming!"
Kim AirsSexpert and Owner - GrandOpening.com
"We've been working with CNV.com inc. since 2002 and it continues to be a great partnership. We've been paid on time every time. They care not only about us, but also about each of our customers, which is very important to us."
LaurelLiterotica.com
"Our online store on the Adultshopping.com platform gives us a web presence for free and a great place for our brick and mortar customers to shop online.
Local search to the website also drives traffic to our physical location."
David DewOwner - Dr Loves SuperStore
Our Features
FREE Adult Product Store  Sign up for free and start earning commissions immediately!
Earn Commission  Rates start at 20% and can be increased for successful marketers.
Mobile-First Responsive Design  We understand the value of providing mobile customers with the same robust shopping experience that desktop users have, so we built our new platform with a mobile-first philosphy.
Searchable Product Data  Customers can easily find products by size, color, features, functions and more!
Largest Selection of Sex Toys & Lingerie  40,000+ unique sex toys, 10,000+ lingerie and sexy apparel, and an optional 100,000+ Video on Demand or DVDs.
Best Technology in the Business  AdultShopping.com was built entirely on Amazon's cloud computing platform, which allows us to provide unparalleled up-time, response time, and scalability. We automatically add servers to meet the web traffic demands of our affiliates.
100% Customizable  Our powerful customization tools give you complete control over the look and feel of your site, including colors and CSS, from the homepage to the search results page.
You can even create your own custom landing pages that feature any content you want.
Use Your Own Domain  Leverage your brand and optimize conversions by using your own domain name with your white label site.
Search Engine Optimization  Have complete control over title, meta tags, h1 tags, and unique content on the home page, category pages, or any new pages you create.
We have many widgets that help you easily create a value-added site with unique content.
Google supports affiliate sites that add value.
Real Time Reports and Statistics  We provide realtime stats and sales reports. You can see which items are popular on your site and fine-tune your marketing efforts.
Integration with Google Analytics  Sign up for Google Universal Analytics and plug your account number into our admin. You will immediately have information on where your customers are coming from and what they are clicking on and buying at your site.
Integration with Google WebMaster Tools  The only way to see which keywords are bringing traffic to your site is with Google Webmaster Tools.
We help you get this valuable data.
Unlimited Customizations. Unlimited Potential.
We understand how important your brand is to you.
That's why we offer tools that allow you completely customize the look and feel of your Adult Product Store.Here are some examples of how our affiliates are customizing their sites:
SexToy.com
Wet Lubes
Lingerie Lover Emporium
Grand Opening
Brutal Dildos
Dr. Loves
Condoms.com
Lover's Touch
Vibrator Emporium
100% Responsive Mobile-Friendly Design
How many times have you gone to a shopping site on your mobile device, only to be turned away by tiny font or missing features?
We feel your pain!
That's why we've taken a mobile-first design approach.
This means that your customers will have the same robust shopping experience on their mobile device as they do on their desktop.
Powerful Sales Tools
Having a great looking site isn't enough.
You need tools to help you gain insight into your customers' behavior so you can make decisions that help your business grow.
Adultshopping.com affiliates benefit from our many years of experience in the Adult Product Retail industry.
You will have access to the same tools we use every day.
We provide realtime stats and sales reports.
You can see which items are popular on your site and fine-tune your marketing efforts.
We've integrated with Google Universal Analytics and Google Tag Manager.
You'll be able to track conversions and see how customers are using your site.
We provide a turnkey e-commerce solution.
We run the site, process and ship orders, handle customer service and live chat, so you're left free to market your store and make sales!
Easy integration with Google Webmaster tools let's you see which keywords bring traffic to each page on your site.
This is the only way to get this data from Google.
Get In Touch
There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration, by injected humour, or new randomised words which don't look believable.
We received your message and you'll hear from us soon. Thank You!
Copyright © 2016 AdultShopping.com. All Rights Reserved.