https://www.adultsitereviews.net
Adult Site Reviews
skip to main
|
skip to sidebar
Adult Site Reviews
Friday, March 2, 2007
Sapphic Erotica
Up close and personal photo series and movies by a dedicated lover of lesbian erotica is promised at this site. Viewing the samples of pretty girls doing it right and real girl on girl action was enough to convince me that I was going to be in for a special treat when I enter into the member’s area. With a large archive of pictures and videos of amateur lesbians! Exclusive photo sets and videos of real girls having sex - members will be pleased that they can download quality images and videos to their own desktop to view when the time is right.When I first visited the site I was impressed with the layout that offered almost everything the future member’s need to know they are paying for. I loved the way Bailey the webmaster come occasional photographer uses true lesbian colours on the site. He explained everything that all members have access to inside the site. Taking the time to make a site unique and original is something that I found with Sapphic Erotica.Like the owner of this site, I too am a lover of lesbian erotica. Sure there are plenty of sites out there that offer the usual hardcore extreme lesbian sex but this site lives up to its name offering sensually erotic versions of hardcore lesbian sex.The photo set series are a must see. They portray the beauty of real girls enjoying the sensuality of lesbian sex. I’ve seen a few guys describe the girls as “hot” but I’d like to say that the girls inside Sapphic Erotica are sensually erotic real girls. Sure they maybe hot to some guys who think they know lesbian erotica but to the true lesbian lover this site brings out the real beauty in these pretty young women giving pleasure to guys and girls who are interested in seeing lesbian babes enjoying the pleasures of lesbian sex.Sapphic Erotica offers their image content in a brand new resolution than before! They have very impressive high definition 960x540 exclusive digital images offering some extremely erotic lesbian action! The site also offers more than 120 hours of downloadable video and almost 96,000 exclusive high resolution pictures to view!All of the movies are now offered in three different formats: full length WMV, full length Quick Time, and smaller chopped up clips in MPEG format. You can choose to view these videos either by downloading them or streaming right from the website.I am in awe of the webmaster and photographer who has designed a lesbian site like SapphicErotica.com. The exclusive videos of girls loving girls - real girls who know how to give their lesbian friend an orgasm are excellent and on film it’s even better. The clear quality is exceptional and being able to download them to the desktop for later viewing is a bonus and makes the viewing so much easier.Finding your way around the site is fairly easy for members. The webmaster has placed a navigation bar at the top and bottom of the pages. To find the different images or videos that you as a member would like to see, every piece of erotica has been either placed into categories to help new members find what they are looking for… e.g. oldest to the newest sections in chronological order for when the picture series including videos were added to the site. Members also have the choice of checking out the different category / niches that they maybe interested in such as Asian or Strap-on, Smoking or Pregnant etc.Although the site offers extras, I found myself not wanting to venture into that area of the site, not when there was enough exclusive lesbian erotica to keep me entertained for hours. One thing I did miss was exclusive erotic pictorial stories written around the girls who help make the site what it is. However the webmaster has provided a little insight as a brief description with each photo set series and video.ConclusionSapphic Erotica is very impressive, erotic and sensual. The webmaster has gone out of his way to introduce real girls who enjoy lesbian sex. Real pussy licking and loving are special qualities that a lot of other lesbian sites don’t offer. The site does offer hardcore sex but at the same time it is sensually fulfilling and out of all the sites that I have seen this one has been a pleasure to review and I highly recommend this site to lovers of true life lesbian erotica.
Posted by
Laura
at
7:46 PM
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Blog Archive
▼
2007
(1)
▼
March
(1)
Sapphic Erotica
About Me
Laura
View my complete profile