https://www.adultsurfing.com
Dr. Fern Kazlow - Shattering Limitations
Dr. Fern Kazlow
Shattering Limitations
Changing What's Possible in the Way We Live, Work, and Age
Sign up for Dr. K's Free Ezine:
Shattering Limitations
HomeDr. KazlowPraiseResourcesEventsSocial MediaContact Us
MainBusinessLifeAgeless LivingGuests
The Side of Effects of Breast Cancer Awareness
13
comments
Health
Sat Oct 30th 2010 at 12:16 am
By Dr. K.
Breast Cancer Awareness Month (BCAM) was begun by AstraZeneca in 1985 (the manufactures of the breast cancer drugs Arimidex and Tmoxifen). In 1991, the Susan G. Koman foundation handed out pink ribbons to its participants in its New York City race for breast cancer survivors. Two years later, Estee Lauder Companies founded the Breast Cancer Research Foundation and used the pink ribbon as its symbol. Now, Breast Cancer Awareness Month (BCAM) is an annual event every October and people hope its effects will last throughout the year. Well, its effects are lasting – leaving us with both the good and the bad consequences.
Yes, I said bad!
Most people think of the Breast Cancer Awareness campaign as a good thing – and it does have its merit. It encourages women to get checked – and check themselves for breast cancer. People have used BCAM to get the message out about the importance of good nutrition, regular exercise, and reducing stress.  It has brought more open discussion, lessening the sense of isolation people with breast cancer and their families feel. BCAM has also encouraged donations, not only for research but to help women and their families struggling with this challenging illness.
So what's the problem here? You may think well, the goal of BCAM is to promote mammograms as the most effective tool against breast cancer – something that is more controversial than in years past. And most of us have heard of the side effects of drugs, chemotherapy and radiation. But that just points to the importance of making informed decisions.
Read More
Anti-Aging vs. Ageless Living
3
comments
Ageless Living
Wed Oct 20th 2010 at 10:20 pm
By Dr. K.
Is the difference semantics or something vastly more important?
Let me make myself very clear on this point:  I don’t like the term anti-aging.  I will use it from time to time because it’s in the vernacular.  I will use it because, as anyone who knows how search engines work, a website gets more hits if it uses highly searched words – and ‘anti-aging’ is a highly searched word.  But I don’t like it.
Anti-aging is hot button issue.  Along with hundreds of thousands of internet searches a month, people are putting their money where their mouse is. Anti-aging products is currently a $170 billion industry and all projections point to stratospheric sales in the years to come.
Read More
Defining and controlling the way we age
1
comment
AgeLoc
Sat Sep 25th 2010 at 5:19 pm
By Dr. K.
Ageless Living
Which Mouse Would You Rather Be?
This video shows the results of controlled feeding study of two genetically identical mice. Both mice in the video were the equivalent of 96 years old in human years. Both mice were fed a normal diet; however one of the mice was also fed an additional supplimental ingredient. During the study, both mice were treated humanely. Don't worry – both mice were treated humanely and both were allowed to live a full life. The mouse on the right, is still alive and well at the human equivalent of over 150 years.
Ageless Living  – Which mouse would you rather be?
Contact Dr. K for more information on how to gain access to this suppliment!
Read More
Protecting Your Branding in the Changing Economy
comment on this
Branding
Fri May 29th 2009 at 5:43 pm
By Dr. K.
5 Essential Questions You Need to Ask to Evaluate Your Branding in the Changing Economy
I
was listening to a business channel the other day when one of the
pundits made the comment that “a paid mortgage is now the new BMW.”
Interesting how perceptions change!  And interesting all the more since I
had just finished a conversation with a client who was worried about
how the changing economy was creating conflicts in his branding and what
could he do about it.
The one constant that your
branding should have – no matter what the economy – is that you’re on
top of your game.  How do you achieve that?  By not only positioning
your branding but backing that positioning with energetic support.
Read More
How to Damage Your Brand and Kill Your Business without Trying
comment on this
Social Media
Wed May 27th 2009 at 6:29 pm
By Dr. K.
Auto-DMs.  They’re driving people on Twitter over the edge.  I’ve had
so many people ask me why would any rational human being, when after
first meeting someone on Twitter, spam them with auto-responses when
they would never act that way in person.  And although I’ve tackled that
question  in my Spamming the Twitterverse article, I’ll offer a brief summary here because it’s important to the gist of that blog.
Communicating
via computer – even when it’s social media – removes our physical
presence. For many people, the absence of an in-person connection
relaxes or removes our usual social strictures.  When you mix in the
current economy, bad business advice, and the hype from media and sales
programs (Overnight Millionaire – Make Money While You Sleep!), the
boundaries are removed even more, especially for people who are feeling
financially desperate. And when you add tactics that promise huge
numbers of followers quickly and with no effort by using auto-responders
and number generators   to social media, along with the belief that
there’s an opportunity to make money with them, perfectly nice people
turn into perfectly not-so-nice jerks.
Read More
Spamming the Twitterverse: Why Perfectly Nice People Go Bad
comment on this
Social Media
Tue May 26th 2009 at 4:47 pm
By Dr. K.
There’s an issue that’s been coming up lately.
Not only did it come up on a radio show I was doing the other day, but this is turning into the proverbial “if I had a dollar for everyone who asked me this, I’d be writing this from the Bahamas” issue.
Twitter users are fed up with the auto responses they’re being deluged with from people they’ve just met.
And, frankly, I am too.
And the question I’m being asked is “Why are they doing this?”
So, here’s the skinny on the why:
Even though a site like Twitter may be the closest thing to a face-to-face contact on the internet, the interaction still lacks a physical presence.
No eye contact.
No voice.
No body language.
For a lot of people, that lack of a body puts a dent in or actually removes their social etiquette. (I didn’t say it was right, this is only an explanation of “why.”)
Read More
Social Media Strategy: Setting Up a Power Grid
comment on this
Social Media
Tue Apr 7th 2009 at 6:14 pm
By Dr. K.
Which Social Media site is the best for monetizing?  How many sites are
you on?  I’ve been party to a few conversations – better term, squabbles
– about this lately.  I’m surprised at how adamant users become in
promoting their favorite. The big contenders are Twitter, Facebook,
LinkedIn, YouTube. Which one is best?  How many do you use? Well, I’ve
got the answer.
The answer is none of them, all of them, and
some I didn’t even list.  What I see happening is that users gravitate
to the site(s) where they feel most comfortable.  And that’s where they
‘work it.’  That’s great if all you want from a site is the social
community.
But if you’re looking to maximize and monetize
(what I call ‘Remembering Your M&Ms) your business, platform, or
expertise, choosing a site based on comfortability or fun may be all
wrong.
Read More
The Recession Storm
comment on this
Tactics
Sun Feb 1st 2009 at 6:00 pm
By Dr. K.
5 Defensive Business Tips for Entrepreneurs
I’ve
been watching the latest ice and snow storm rip through the center and
the eastern half of the country and couldn’t help but find parallels
between people trying to drive in the storm and how entrepreneurs are
handling the recession.
The weather channel ran a continuous loop
of cars and trucks on the road that, without warning, would begin to
fish-tail out of control.  The back end of the car going in a direction
that was never meant to be.  I could see the drivers with their
white-knuckled hands clutched on the steering wheel valiantly trying to
bring their car under control to once again get it headed in the right
direction without getting hurt in the process.
Some skilled
drivers (and some lucky) tacitly and gently controlled the skid, reigned
in the car, and proceeded once more.  I could almost hear the pounding
of their heart and their heavy breath of relief as the car responded to
their will.  The more unfortunate did a grotesque ballet of skidding
left and right before pirouetting out of complete control and sliding
into another car, a gully or worse.
Read More
What is a Power Connection?
2
comments
Relationships
Mon Jan 12th 2009 at 5:19 pm
By Dr. K.
My last blog generated a lot of questions about what exactly is a
Power Connection?  How do you create a Power Connection?  What are the
benefits of a Power Connection?
Let’s start with What is a Power Connection?
First,
the difference between a connection and a Power Connection is the
difference between lighting a dark room with a flashlight or a flood
lamp.  A flashlight only allows you to see a glimpse.  What you see as
related to the whole is left in question. Turn on a flood lamp and
suddenly nooks and alcoves become visible.  Details and patterns come
into focus.  You see the overall view and how everything works together
to produce the whole.  And opportunities and potential are illuminated
everywhere.
A Power Connection supports, enables, allows,
drives, inspires, creates, and has the power to see beyond.  It’s
honest, deep, reciprocal, respectful, and adds immeasurably to your life
and your ability to accomplish what you want.
Read More
The Year of the Power Connection
comment on this
Relationships
Fri Jan 2nd 2009 at 5:34 pm
By Dr. K.
Instead of resolutions, each year I focus on creating, expanding or
refining a dimension in my life.  My last year’s trauma gave birth to
this year’s focus.  For those who don’t know, I began last year with a
shattered hip, pelvis, elbow, a damaged rotator cuff, and assorted other
injuries.  I fell.  I wasn’t doing anything extraordinary or daring. I
was walking through a parking lot and slipped on a speed bump.
Talk
about a changed agenda!  Everything that I was doing or had planned –
the media blitz, the book, speaking appearances, workshops, projects and
partnering – was off the table.  Months in bed, seasons of therapy, and
learning to walk again took up most of the space on my priority list.  I
felt as if I had been ripped from the life I’d known and how I
navigated that life.
Physically, I was totally
dependent.  Me.  The
“don’t-tell-me-I-can’t-because-I-don’t-understand-the-meaning-of-the-word”
woman suddenly couldn’t.  I had to ask for a cup of tea.  Had to ask
for help to get out of bed.  Had to ask for help to wash, dress, and
even button a shirt.  The most minute movements I had taken for granted –
holding a pen, answering a telephone, using a keyboard, combing my hair
– became Herculean efforts or weren’t possible.
Read More
Follow Dr. KRT @showcasingwomen: Most people are more comfortable with old problems than with new solutions.
- Anonymous
about 3 years agoLevels of marketing magic, the placebo effects of desire http://t.co/em5IJEdF9A
about 3 years agoDEMAND THAT JUDGE SIM LAKE rethinks his decision on ANIMAL CRUSH VIDEOS! http://t.co/jT5AnFy2Fc via @causes
about 3 years agoSales Infographic: Best Times and Days to Make Sales Calls http://t.co/7qym5j7q
about 3 years ago@rongraham1 True about stroke? Let's talk offline when I get back from Orlando..want 2 hear more! Glad U r well now!
about 3 years ago@CarConcerns Will share the answer to that on your show...not on Twitter! LOL! Happy New Year!
about 3 years ago@CarConcerns Most welcome! We definitely had fun along the way!
about 3 years ago@rongraham1 @DrFernKazlow Aww thank U! Have 2 say, back at ya! What r U up to lately...since I've admitted I'm not around enough to know!
about 3 years agoRT @HELMUTLANG: RT for an Additional 10% Off at our NY Sample Sale that starts today 1/9-1/13 @ 93 Mercer St. Show proof at register htt ...
about 3 years ago@rongraham1 Not on Twitter much lately. Miss the old days of convo and connection here. Wrong-not! U've inspired me to visit more often!
about 3 years ago
Events Monday, January 31 at 9:00AM EDT
Car Concerns: Nationally syndicated and online
Talking Shattering Financial Limitations with Harry Douglas
Learn More Here
Friday, December 17 at 9:00AM EDT
Car Concerns: Nationally syndicated and online
Talking Shattering Financial Limitations with Harry Douglas
Join Dr. K is a regular guest on the nationally syndicated radio show Car Concerns.
More details coming soon.
Call-in number: 888-454-3378
Learn More Here
Wednesday, Oct. 27
4PM EST
Interviewing Lynn Pierce on her recovery from Breast Cancer by alternative means:
Success Blueprint Radio
(347) 843-4199
http://bit.ly/a8HRa9
Speaking & Consulting
Dr. Fern Kazlow is available for:
~ private entrepreneurial and organizational consultation
~ as a speaker for your upcoming event
~ for customized programs for your executive and management teams
Categories
Ageless Living
AgeLoc
Business
Branding
Social Media
Tactics
Life
Health
Relationships
We Support… Nourish The Children
Archives
October 2010
September 2010
May 2009
April 2009
February 2009
January 2009
HomeAbout UsMy AccountMediaPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact Us
Copyright © 2016 , All Rights Reserved - Kazlow International LLC and Dr. Fern Kazlow.
Site development by Journey to Success, LLC.