https://www.advancedejaculation.com
Ejaculation from Masturbation - Videos and Pictures
Ejaculating from Masturbation
Ejaculation Videos and Pictures
Other Topics on the Advanced Masturbation Site:
Advanced Masturbation
Site Index
Male Masturbation
Free Videos,  Ejaculation Videos + Pictures,  Stories,  Techniques
Female Masturbation
Free Videos,  Pictures,  Stories,  Techniques
Mutual Masturbation
Free Videos,  Pictures, Stories,  Archives
The purpose of this new documentary is the demonstration and discussion of ejaculation by way of masturbation.
This site contains pictures and videos of the nude male body, including the penis. All information is purely educational and is offered voluntarily.
More Information Below
New Pages:
New Ejaculation Videos
Six new videos added for 2012
Now they are longer length and better quality. (More coming soon.)
PICTURES
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
MOVIES
Pictures of Male Masturbation Ejaculation
Ejaculation
Pictures 9
Male Masturbation Ejaculation
Videos
Men Ejaculating on Videos
Shooting Ejaculation
Cumshot Pics
Ejaculation
Pics 10
Masturbation Ejaculation
Movies
Ejaculating Vids
Ejaculation
Pictures
Ejaculation
Pics 11
Vibrating Penis Ejaculation
Male Masturbation Ejaculating on Videos
Ejaculation
Pics 4
Ejaculation
Picts
Shooting Ejaculation
Videos
Male Masturbation Ejaculation Movies
Ejaculation
Pics 5
Ejaculation
Pics 13
Ejaculating on Video while Filming Penis
Thirteen Masturbation Ejaculation Videos
Ejaculation
Pics 6
Masturbating Ejaculation
Movies
Spraying Ejaculation Masturbation Videos
Ejaculation
Pix
Ejaculation
Movies
Fifteen Masturbation Ejaculation Video
Ejaculation
Pictures 8
Fake Ejaculation Movies?
Sixteen Masturbation Ejaculation Videos
"J3", Our Website Founder's Ejaculation Pictures and Videos
Male Masturbation Ejaculation Videos
Other Ejaculation and Masturbation Related Sites
Single Stream Ejaculation Pictures
This shows a single stream during the same ejaculation.
Double Stream Ejaculation Pictures
This pic shows a double stream of semen from the penis.
Ejaculation with Oil - Pics and Video
This is an advanced procedure, and may be risky. Vegetable oil is pumped inside the penis and is then allowed to ejaculate, also serving as a lubricant for masturbation.
Ejaculation Video
This short video demonstrates a male ejaculation. Observe the pumping at the base of the penis.
Ejaculation Video 2
Another masturbation video demonstration, showing a stronger ejaculation. Here, seven bursts occur.
Advanced Ejaculating Tube Picture
A tube is inserted into the penis and lubrication is gradually forced out of the tube as it is inserted. Once the tube is in place, about 2 cm above the prostate, semen will ejaculate up the tube during masturbation.
Ejaculation Velocity Low Picture
Low velocity ejaculation pic with masturbating into the hand, requiring that the semen be held back at first.
Comparison Ejaculation Videos
Compare the 2 ejaculations - Low Volume and Low Velocity These 2 videos compare the variation in semen volume coming from the same male.
Increase Ejaculation Volume?
Does Increasing the Amount of Seman Really Make a Bigger and Better Ejaculation?
Bigger, Better Ejaculation? Does the increased about of semen really make the orgasm feel more powerful, better, and/or longer lasting? In what ways are the large volume ejaculations more satisfying to a man? How Semenax
Supposedly Works
Ejaculation Video 17 # 17
Masturbating and Ejaculating Demonstration 01 by "C.A."
Masturbating and Ejaculating Videos # 18
Masturbation and Ejaculate Demonstration 02 by "C.A."
He Masturbated until Ejaculating on Video # 19
A Masturbated Ejaculation Demonstration 03 by "C.A."
Masturbation Ejaculation Videos # 20
Masturbating to Slow and Long Ejaculating Demonstration - 04 by "H.J."
Masturbate and Ejaculate Movie # 21
Masturbation with Squirting Ejaculation Demonstration - 05 by "W.S."
Masturbation and Ejaculation Movie # 22
Another Squirting Ejaculation Demonstration - 06 by "W.S."
Masturbation and Ejaculating Movie  # 23
Ejaculation Video by Q.C.
Ejaculation Cumshots # 24
Ejaculating Video by F.W.
Male Masturbation and Ejaculation CumShot - Video 25
An interesting video of a man masturbating with a clear expression of semen on his shirt.
Slow Motion Ejaculation, 1 of 3 - Video 26
Slow Motion Ejaculation, 2 of 3
- Videos 27
Slow Motion Ejaculation, 3 of 3 - Video 28
Hands Free Ejaculation - Videos 29
This man masturbated his testicles and then removed his hands for a moment followed by a hands-free ejaculation.
Newest Male Masturbation and Ejaculation Videos
Clear Semen Video # 30
Quick and Powerful Ejaculation  # 31
Penis Ejaculation Movie - Blow Your Wad # 32
Backhand Penis Grip with Butt Resting on Heels #33
Masturbating and Ejaculating Outdoors
#34
Scrotum Tug Masturbation and Ejaculation #35
Cock Strapped Ejaculating Video   (1 of 2) #36
Hands-Free Ejaculation with a Cock Ring / Cock Strap (2 of 2) #37
Masturbation with Ejaculation on Top of a Vagina #38
Black Male Masturbation and Ejaculation Videos   (1 of 2) #39
Black Man Masturbating and Ejaculating  (2 of 2) #40
White Male Uncut Uncircumcised Masturbation and Cumshot Videos  #41
Sex Toys Find the hottest robotic blow job sex toys for men and pussy masturbaters molded after real porn stars Up to 50% off plus we pay your tax and FREE sex toy gift.
Confidential Female Sex and Masturbation Issues
Free site that has women's sex survey archives, personal experiences, sexuality issues, and masturbation among women.
Confidential Male Sex and Masturbation Issues Free site that includes sex survey archives, frequent questions and answers about masturbation, as well as personal sex stories. No email address is required to view this site.
What has 2 thumbs and loves blowjobs? You, of course. Boring masturbation is a thing of the past. The Autoblow 2 is a toy for men that gives you a blowjob. Just click here to watch the demo video.
Masturbation Free site Female masturbation and Male masturbation. Includes techniques, pictures, videos, stories, Fleshlight reviews, and ejaculation videos.
How to Become a "Public Contributor" of the Advanced Masturbation Website
Public Contributors create pictures, videos, and/or written articles on the documentation of Male Ejaculation. We are requesting further demonstrations, written articles, and commentary regarding current content, or male ejaculation pictures, videos, and/or documentation of experiences.
Please use your own ideas because we do not assign tasks for you to do. We do not set up deadlines. We depend on your ideas for the content of this site.
You must be age 18+ to participate on this site or to write to us.
You MUST include the month and year of your birth in your email. No exceptions.
Misrepresentation of your age is a crime punishable by the laws of all juvenile courts.
Please try to create or convert videos into FLV (YouTube format), WMV (WindowsMediaVideo format), or AVI format.
We will accept other types of video formats, but the above formats have a history of working well on the site.
Sorry... Our Email address is not a link, and it can not be pasted or clicked due to spam attempts. You must retype it in your email.
Other Topics on the Advanced Masturbation Site:
Advanced Masturbation
Site Index
Male Masturbation
Free Videos,  Ejaculation Videos + Pictures,  Stories,  Techniques
Female Masturbation
Free Videos,  Pictures,  Stories,  Techniques
Mutual Masturbation
Free Videos,  Pictures, Stories,  Archives