https://www.adventuresinpolyamory.blogspot.com
Pink's Adventures in Polyamory
Pink's Adventures in Polyamory
Friday, May 12, 2006
I've decided not to write much about last night with Master KC.
It's something that I want to keep for myself, to make it that much more special.
It was amazing, and I'm still grinning today.But I remember at the end of the night the first two lines from the following e.e. cummings poem running through my head- it's always been one of my favorites.
i like my body when it is with your
body. It is so quite a new thing.
Muscles better and nerves more.
i like your body. i like what it does,
i like its hows. i like to feel the spine
of your body and its bones, and the trembling
-firm-smooth ness and which i will
again and again and again
kiss, i like kissing this and that of you,
i like,, slowly stroking the, shocking fuzz
of your electric fur, and what-is-it comes
over parting flesh . . . . And eyes big Love-crumbs,
and possibly i like the thrill
of under me you quite so new
posted by Michelle at
10:46 AM
|
5 comments
Thursday, May 11, 2006
Anticipation... brat is painting her nails; she just finished putting on her makeup, and is redoing her nails before Daddy R gets here to take her to dinner, and give her backside a good warming :) Earlier today we both used our Body Bare to prepare ourselves for our nights out (we love that thing!)
There is somethig so erotic about the act of shaving and being shaved by a loved one, especially when the grooming is in preparation for nights out with others; the vulnerability, the openness, the silkiness of the baby powder and the brush to apply it...I'm all ready for my evening with Master KC; brat says I keep sighing (which means I'm holding my breath).
It's what I do when I'm nervous.
And nervous I am- in that delicious anticipatory way that sense shivers through my whole body... Master KC sent me an email today in which he outlines the items I was to bring, including my favorite flogger- eek!What does he have planned?
I asked him to share his ideas with me, but he said that he feels sharing the details of a scene before it happens is like revealing the plot of a movie before you see it.
We've talked about my limits, both soft and hard, and safewords, etc.
So I feel completely comfortable consenting to NOT knowing...and what a joy it will be to come home and share the details with my brat!
posted by Michelle at
1:44 PM
|
3 comments
Wednesday, May 10, 2006
Today brat and I took Master Rig lunch at work, and were able to have a wonderful half-hour of “us” time. It was nice to just sit down, talk, sit on his lap, rub his back, get kissed and hugged. I’ve missed him. We’re trying hard to find a time that the three of us can spend some quality time together, but we also need to find time for each of us to spend time with him alone. One thing that’s becoming really important with me is developing relationships apart from brat- sometimes even I forget that we’re two different people, not one unit!
It’s been so nice to see brat’s joy over Daddy R.; she’s been a joyous wreck since they made plans to meet tomorrow. We rushed back from our errands today so that she might catch him online before her left work, but he wasn’t on. She had a little pout on her pretty puss- until she opened her mail, and there was an email from him waiting for her. A huge, eye-crinkling grin broke out on her face. “Daddy R?” I asked. She showed me his email, and I was so happy to see her joy. It’s in moments like these that I really understand the concept of compersion.
posted by Michelle at
2:24 PM
|
3 comments
Tuesday, May 09, 2006
Things have been busy in the Pink Bottomed world; I’m glad the end of the semester will give me some time to reflect on all the wonderful things that have happened in the last few months, especially in regards to the special men in my life.
The ending of our “relations” with Mr. Danger was hard for me, but I know that I learned a lot from our interactions with him, both about what I want and what I don’t want from my relationships. I do want someone who can help me bring out my submissive side, who likes good food, who wants to sleep over and snuggle my brat and I, and who is big and tall and makes me feel feminine. I don’t want someone who doesn’t want to talk about their feelings, who doesn’t want to discuss the situation we’re in or what goes on in it, and who fulfills my brat’s needs much more than mine. I’ve found that I need someone who can communicate about how they feel and who us willing to label our relationship in some way (or at least discuss it!). I also have realized that in many ways I’d rather that brat and I have separate relationships; while playing together sometimes is fun, I also crave the individual attention that only one-on-one interactions can provide. Even with our new partners, we’re making a conscious effort for them to get to know us as individuals, spending time with us apart even if they’re involved with both of us, so we’re not bratandPink, with relationship, but brat and Pink and so-and-so, with different bonds between each part of the triangle.
I feel like a lucky, lucky girl. I have three very special men in my life at the moment, all at varying levels of involvement and with very different prospects for the future of our relationships.
There’s Amherst Boy, who has become an amazing friend, someone whose humor and kindness have helped me through some very rough patches these last couple months. I’ve been hesitant to deepen my involvement with him because he’s a fellow graduate student, and may soon be moving far away; part of my self-protectiveness kicking in.
There’s Master Rig, the polyamorous, happily primary-partnered father of four who has become close with both brat and I. I love him dearly; he’s a Taurus like me, and I find that we have so many of the same dreams, insecurities, desires… Because he’s a parent, and partner, and works full-time while going to night school, we’ve only been able to spend a little time with him, but we talk every day online. I can definitely see the whole poly time management issue will be something to learn from in this relationship.
And then there’s Master KC (kind and cruel, just like him…). I don’t even know where to begin. As brat has teased me repeatedly, I’m twitterpated. I just think he’s divine. We’ve only been out a few times, but we’ve had some wonderful late into the night, snuggle in bed conversations… I feel like he’s someone that I could become very close to, and I hope that’s where things lead. One of things that I’m most excited about is his beautifully sadistic mind (not to mention his beautifully sadistic toybox!). He’s someone I want to know on so many levels… someone I could see becoming a true partner. One thing that I worry about is that he is new to the idea of polyamory, and I know that, as he honestly expressed the first time we met him, he’s really looking for a monogamous long-term relationship. So as excited as I am to open up to him, I know that I’ll be, as with Amherst Boy, a little guarded…
I have a date with Master KC Thursday night; it will be the first time I’ll do a scene without brat, and really the first time that I will be alone in a sexual situation in 7+ years… I’m nervous and excited, and it’s all I’ve been able to think about the past few days. But I trust him, and I know that whatever he has planned will be amazing.
Can’t wait, can’t wait, can’t wait!
posted by Michelle at
7:30 PM
|
3 comments
Sunday, March 19, 2006
I haven't posted lately because, well, life has been in the way.
My work and school, and my wife's work and school, have been taking up most of our time, and dealing with the end of our involvement with Mr. Danger has left a hole in both of our lives that we haven't yet figured out how to fill.
It's amazing how much harder it is to deal with the end of our interactions with Mr. Danger, and trying to create a nonsexual friendship, because there are two of us both dealing- and dealing with each others' dealing!
This is not to say that I have not been thinking about my poly identity, or my bisexuality, or my submissive side, or my femme-ness... indeed, these thoughts have been front and center in my spare time.
Perhaps now is the time to start reflecting a bit here. In the meantime, I'd love to know what poly blogs people read, or have... I'm desparately in need of different perspectives.
posted by Michelle at
5:14 PM
|
4 comments
Sunday, December 04, 2005
I am missing Mr. Danger today.
I woke up this Sunday morning, a little bit chilly, and saw the beautiful snow falling outside. I snuggled up against my girl, who was still snoring softly. I love waking up next to my wife every morning, being able to snuggle up to her still slumbering body, to curl against its warmth.
This morning, I thought about the other arms that I wished were here to keep me warm. Mr. Danger’s been busy lately, and we’ve been missing him. We were lucky to be able to have a wonderful dinner with him this past week, but it was so hard to let go when I hugged him goodbye, wanting to feel protected by those strong arms just a little bit longer. Both brat and I have been very stressed out lately, and he always makes me feel a bit calmer, more relaxed.
Once, when it was just Mr. Danger and me, I freaked out, as I am wont to do, about driving a route I was unfamiliar with. He made me pull over to the side of the road, put his hand on top of mine, looked me in the eyes, and explained the directions to me slowly and calmly. I felt my breathing slow down, my panic subsiding. Then he leaned over and kissed me. In that moment, early in the times we have spent together, I knew he was a good person, and one that I wanted to have around.
It is an interesting relationship the three of us have developed over the past few months. He is a good, kind man, who takes us out to dinners, cooks us breakfasts, who knows how to tend to my brat, who knows how to make me the good kind of nervous. I enjoy the time we spend with him. I’ve always been an overly effusive person towards the people I care about, and I’ve found myself holding back quite a bit with this man, not wanting to scare him off, and also not wanting to open myself up to hurt.
I had experienced enough of that for one year. But I do care about him, and I know he cares about me, and about my brat. It’s a nice feeling. I’m glad he took a chance on getting to know us.
Now it’s snowing and cold, and brat and I are stressing over work, and we’re just having tea for breakfast rather than one of his magical culinary concoctions. I wish he was here for a snuggle, a spanking, some distraction… ;) Perhaps next weekend. A girl can only hope.
posted by Michelle at
8:40 AM
|
6 comments
Friday, October 21, 2005
I've been thinking about identity a lot lately, and especially self-identification- not strange for a person who studies queer theory and American identity for a job!
There are so many labels that I have chosen for myself over the years, in relation to my sexuality: bisexual. pansexual. femme. polyamorous.
switch.
submissive...What do all these labels really mean?
Are they who I am, or simply a discriptor of actions I have taken, or will take, or dream of taking?
Is there something deep within me that drives me towards feminine women (bio or trans) and masculine (bio or trans) men?
Is there something in my DNA that drives me to want to share my love with more than one person, or is really just an intellectual, ethical choice? So many questions I hope to explore.
First, I'd liked to look at what these labels mean to me: are they useful? What do they mean?
What is identity, anyway?
Does it effect my experiences?And I'd love to hear from anyone who might happen to stumble across this page... How do you identify sexually?
What does it mean to you?
Is it an essence, or just a reflection of our experience?
I'd love to hear your thoughts.
posted by Michelle at
6:20 PM
|
5 comments
About
Reflections of a polyamorous pansexual femme switch
Links
Pink Bottomed Girls
Danae Whispering
Under His Hand
One Life, Take Two
California Reaming
Previous
I've decided not to write much about last night wi...
Anticipation... brat is painting her nails; she ju...
Today brat and I took Master Rig lunch at work, an...
Things have been busy in the Pink Bottomed world; ...
I haven't posted lately because, well, life has be...
I am missing Mr. Danger today.
I woke up thi...
I've been thinking about identity a lot lately, an...
Good night, Mr. Nightly.
This past week, Mr. Nig...
A View from the Inside...
brat and I went out to ...
I spent last night with the two people I love most...
Archives
August 2005
September 2005
October 2005
December 2005
March 2006
May 2006