https://www.adventuresofahotwifeblog.blogspot.com
Adventures of a Hotwife
Adventures of a Hotwife
The sexual adventures of a swinger housewife in an open marriage who went from just being the MILF on the block to this sexy, naughty Hotwife who loves the attention of other men and love having sex with younger guys. Follow this hotwife and her husband as they both explore the swinging world and the thrills of being in a open marriage/Hotwife relationship...
Follow also on tumblr :
http://brazilianhotcouple.tumblr.com/
Wednesday, February 13, 2013
Posted by
Adventures of a Hotwife
at
5:40 PM
No comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Saturday, February 9, 2013
You guys bring the beers and I will supply the pussy
Posted by
Adventures of a Hotwife
at
2:01 PM
No comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Wednesday, January 30, 2013
Hotwifing is NOT cuckolding
“Some
of the stuff I read here regarding to the Hotwife fun it’s pathetic to
say the least !!!!
I follow some of the “cuckold” blogs here just bc
sometimes those blogs do have hot pics, hot pics with captions, some hot
pictures of Hotwives and some times they do highlight some really hot
characteristics of the Hotwife lifestyle, but the stuff that most of the
time ppl write and post there it is just beyond belief… Really
Pathetic ! I lOVE the thrill of sharing my wife with some hot guys of
HER choice, I totally love and cherish our open marriage, the freedom to
be “open” to the possibilities that life may bring our way. I not only LOVE swinging with her,  not only love being able to fuck someone's wife while at the same time I get to watch my own wife being fucked but also  I DO LOVE the
thrill of being in a spontaneous and/or planned MFM, I deeply enjoy
taking pics and filming our 3some.
I also LOVE when she gets to go out
alone, go to clubs with her girlfriends, hook up with other guys, it’s
fun to watch her chatting with guys on the internet, it’s fun to help
her go through the hundreds of msgs on her Ashley Madison, Cougar Life or our SLS, AFF and Kassidie swinger
accounts, it’s extremely hot to watch her finally going on a date with
another men alone, see the nervousness and the same time excitement in
her eyes, every aspect of having a Hotwife is very exciting and fun, but
I can NOT understand the need some husbands have to be
humiliated…Although I think it’s really hot to have ur wife kiss you
when she just sucked somebody else’s cock, even though I really enjoy a
creampie i would never go gay and try to drink it from the source.. I
think it’s hot just bc it is inside MY wife’s pussy… Any way… You don’t
need to be gay, you don’t need to be bisexual or have bisexual
tendencies, you don’t need to be a sissy, you don’t need to be a faggot,
you don’t need to be deprived of the very reason you both do this, that
is sexual gratification, you don’t need to be caged, locked up, spanked
and be called names…. You don’t need to dress as a bitch, wear panties…
You do NOT need to stop being a man !!!!! You don’t need none of this
non sense to enjoy to the fullest all the thrills that having a hotwife
that loves to fuck other guys for fun brings to the marriage !!! My wife
would never do anything to humiliate me, would never hurt me in any
way, shape or form, I would never allow her to go on a date with another
men without me knowing for sure who that man is, without letting him
know that she is my princess and she must be treated the same way I
treat her ! That NO is no and if she is not comfortable with something
that is the end of it… I always make sure she is SAFE first and foremost
and I let the other guys know that although they are fucking my wife I
AM the one in control, I’M the one allowing you to fuck her.. U r just a
human dildo for us… Nothing more… Although I TRUST her good judgment,
she would never go out with any other men without my approval first. I’m
an open minded guy, I’m not judgmental of ppl sexuality at all, but
there are some stuff in this Hotwife world that is just ridiculous !!!
We both enjoy the hotwife marriage but without all the craziness… Guys
in shackles, penises locked, deprived of what they call : “release”,
having a hotwife to have other fuck while u r just being humiliated… I’m
sorry I can NOT understand that !!! I love the orgasms I have when I
lick her fresh fucked pussy, I enjoy when we go out and she flirts and
hook up with other guys in front of me, I love that crazy feeling to see
her leaving for a date and to welcome her home after the date.. the
sharing of details later, the animal sex we have afterwards it’s
unspeakable !!! we fuck like teenagers every time we live a “hotwife”
experience… EVERY time she fucks somebody else guess what ??? I’m
fucking her too.. EVERY TIME !! And every time the fucking is amazing,
and that is why we always want more… what is the point of having a
hotwife if only others can fuck ?? are u that stupid ??? Come on idiot !
go enjoy ur hotwife ! go fuck her too !!! But again…. To each his own…”
Posted by
Adventures of a Hotwife
at
3:28 PM
3 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Wednesday, December 5, 2012
MERRY CHRISTMAS
THIS IS JUST MY CHRISTMAS PRESENT TO ALL OF OUR READERS.. THIS IS THE
HOTWIFE IN A CHRISTMAS OUTFIT LAST YEAR.. I HOPE YOU ALL ENJOY AND HAVE A
AWESOME CHRISTMAS.   AND YES.. THIS IS REALLY HER...
Posted by
Adventures of a Hotwife
at
8:41 AM
3 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Tuesday, September 25, 2012
Motorcycle accident
We had a motorcycle accident a couple of weeks ago, hubby here did NOT get hurt, but the hotwife got hurt really bad.
She broke her knee and legs and many places and we will be out of fun for a while. Please keep this hotwife in your prayers. We are believing for a quick and total recovery !!!
Posted by
Adventures of a Hotwife
at
7:22 AM
5 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Location:
Financial District Manhattan
Thursday, August 9, 2012
Hot shit
I was talking to the wife this afternoon, she was telling me about
this really hot 22 yrs old guy from NYC she was chatting with. Yes,
another 20 something years old hot guy who also happens to be another
football player. Isn't my wife really lucky ?? lol.. But, yes, she
deserves ONLY the best, and she definitely has no reason to settle for
less
We haven/t played at all lately, we have been really busy
this summer with work, family, stuff.  I have not  been with any girl,
we haven't been with any couple and she has not been with any guy in a
while, even the times that she went out with her friends on girls night
out she has NOT hooked up with any other guy for months.
As I
said before, we don/t really worry about that, we do not worry on if and
when it's gonna happen, all we know is that when it does happens we
will flip the switch to on and GAME ON !! .. lol ... we are not really
into quantity over quality, and we definitely do NOT do very often, but
when we do find the right guy and we both feel comfortable with the guy
and we see there is a real, hot possibility of she playing with a hot
guy we enjoy it to the most. So yes, we have both been craving a real
HOTWIFE experience, I know she has been craving another man for quite
some time and I have been really craving all the excitement that comes
with the experience.
We have been talking about the possibility of
us going to Fantasy Fest in Key West this year and have all kinds of
fun there this year, girls, couples and we talked about taking the
Hotwife thing to another level, so we are both really excited with the
idea of letting loose and have a lot of fun at the Fantasy Fest 2012.
So,
because of this guy she is chatting with, we were talking about the
possibility of her going out with him soon, and I told her that I want
her to tease the crap out of me this time.. lol.. We all know that for
us HUSBANDS of a hotwife, the fun that we have is all the teasing that
goes on during the screening process, the hot sex chatting, the pictures
exchanges, the teasing that goes on before the date, the day of the
date, during the date and on the way back to you from the date..
We
all know that this is all a mind game, the more teased you get, the
more mentally horny you get, the more fun will be and the stronger your
orgasm will be when you finally have her back in your arms after her
date or if  it was a MFM or you participated, the moment the guy leaves
the room.
So I told her that I wanted to be mentally raped by her
this time.. lol.. tease me, let me how much he wants to fuck my wife,
tells me how much you desire to be fucked by him, tease me, tease me
early in the morning of your date, tells me to pick up the outfit you
gonna wear on your date, what lingerie you gonna wear, let me know if
you want me to buy you new lingerie or new panties for your date, or if
you should wear just nothing at all..
Ask me to help you shave your pussy for you, your ass, ask me to make sure you looks hot, sexy, stunning for your date.
While
getting dressed, tells me how horny and wet you are just by the thought
of fucking another stud. Reminds me that  in just a few minutes another
man will be fucking your pretty wife, that in just a few minutes you
will be with your legs wide open with another guy on top, the position I
love to watch you with another men the most, tells me you will be
screaming and moaning on top of another hot guy's cock and will be
thinking of me while you are doing it.
Reminds me that in a few
minutes the mouth that just kissed me good bye will be sucking this
delicious cock and that when she gets home if I'm lucky enough I will
still be able to taste his cock in your mouth.
Asked me to check
your pussy one last time just to make sure it smells good and reminds me
that soon that pussy will be coming home all fucked, cummed and all
sore by the fucking she just got by this hot stud and will be needy of
assistance, will need to be licked, fucked and taken care of...
Tells
me you want me very horny all night, that you know that I will be going
crazy inside the house jerking off with this excitement of being going
trough this again.
Reminds your self how lucky you are to have a
husband like me that allows your inner slut to come out and allows you
to enjoy your sexual life to the fullest.
Reminds me that you know
that I like that, reminds me that you know I want you to do that,
reminds me that you know that I can't wait to have you fucked by another
guy.. reminds me that this drive you insanely hot too.
Let me
know how slutty you are feeling tonite, and that you will be in touch
trough out the night to let me know how are tings are going. Don;t
forget to reassure me that you love me before you leave the house.
Text
me from the bar, let me know how if he is really hot like he said he
is, let me know what you guys are talking about, if he kissed you when
he saw you, if you heart beat faster, if you got nervous like the time
you fucked your first guy. Let me know if you guys are making out, let
me know if things are going well and exciting for you, because I will be
home masturbating, edging, going crazy in excitement.
Text me every single dirty things you guys are doing or what he is doing to my hotwife.
The
moment you guys leave the club, the bar, or the place you guys met,
text me to let me know all went well and text me saying : Hey honey, we
are going to the motel, and you will be "um corninho" (as we say in
Portuguese), that you will make me a corno again tonite.. Being a corno
could be a bad thing, but done the way we do and when it's said in a
situation like this one, being called a corno, or meu corninho by your
wife that is about to fuck another guy for you is really,  really hot
and will probably turn me on a lot..
When you get to the Motel
room and you guys are fucking, give him your phone, let him take pics of
him fucking you, let him make videos of him fucking you and send me
just to drive me to the edge at home.. lol
That moment that you
are horniest, that moment that he is fucking you hard, that moment you
are moaning and enjoying every single stroke, get the phone and calls
me, let me hear him fucking you, let me hear you moaning and yelling at
him to fuck you harder.  Let him know you are talking with your
"corninho" and that you are really horny to be fucked by him and talk to
me at the same time.. lol..
The moment you guys are done, don't
wait too long, let me know you are coming home and get your freshly
fucked pussy back home as soon as possible because fresh is better.. lol
...then it is our time.. lol.. text me to tell me you are coming home
and start telling me how good it was, how many times he fucked you, how
many times he made you cum, start teasing me telling me how sore you
pussy is with all the fucking and how much you want me to lick you, that
you are still wet and horny and that you are coming home and you can't
to tell me every detail while I fuck you all over again ..tell me how
much you want me in you again..
Get home horny and take charge of
the situation, put that pussy on my face and tells me to lick you clean,
show me how reddish your pussy got after all the fucking, kiss my mouth
and ask me if I can still taste his cock in ur mouth because you
couldn't stop sucking him...lol.. Please don't wait for me to ask you to
be repeating stuff, to be saying naughty things to me, just get wild
too, tell me all the things you know I want to hear. :))))
I
guarantee you we gonna have the most amazing sex ever.. We always have
the best sex after an experience like that.. and that is the actually
the only reason we do all of this, so we both can have amazing, mind
blowing sex... damn.. I got really horny just by talking about it..
lol.. I need a cold shower now. lol
Of course all of this is just
fum because it is done on purpose  by her just to drive you insanely
horny, spice up our sex life and make you desire her back in your arms
more than anything else in this earth. She does that on purpose because
not only because she know you love every second of it and get off on it,
she does because she gets off on doing that to you.. its also fun to
watch you go crazy because of her slutty ways.. she enjoys knowing that
she is your slut,  that actually the fact of her being so slutty drive
you two crazy and prepare the atmosphere for the mind blowing sex you
two gonna have later that evening when she is home again.
That is
the beauty of having a marriage like we do, the very next day everything
is back to normal, we flip the switch back to off or on as we desire,
the next day she does NOT need to see him again if she does not want to,
we are back to being ourselves again, the very next day she is back to
being that wonderful housewife, the mother, the daughter, the member of
the church, back to being that responsible, loving wife that I respect,
admire and love more than anything else. But it'sreally hot and exciting
to know her slutty side is there for when the time comes again.. lol...
The next day things are back to normal and we had an experience that
will spice our sex sessions for weeks to come... We usually can't get
enough from each other after a Hotwife experience like that, we fuck for
weeks talking about it over and over.. lol...
When a couple learn
how to switch back and forward from sexy, fantasy, naughtiness to real
life with no drama between them selves and no friction on their normal
life, they have discovered the secret of sexual happiness !!!!
Well...
I know because of life it make take a while for us but every now and
then this horny mood strike us and when it does we like to get wild and
live it up !!!!
Any way, I was checking some hotwife sites this
afternoon and I found some really what I call "Hot shit", I sent her a
few of this pictures just to give her an idea of what we husbands really
want to hear.. lol
Here are some really hot pictures, some funny but really hot shit, stuff that all of us husbands would love to hear from her..
Enjoy....
Posted by
Adventures of a Hotwife
at
2:35 PM
2 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Followers
Blog Archive
▼
2013
(3)
▼
February
(2)
You guys bring the beers and I will supply the pus...
►
January
(1)
►
2012
(14)
►
December
(1)
►
September
(1)
►
August
(1)
►
May
(3)
►
April
(8)
About Us
Adventures of a Hotwife
We are a young couple mid 30's. We have been married for 16 yrs and been together since high school. We are happily married with kids, We are busy with careers, kids, family, church and life. We come from a very traditional family, had a traditional marriage and never thought we would be this open minded today. It was only 2 yrs ago when we finally decided after talking and fantasizing in bed for years to open up our marriage, be in an open marriage relationship and enjoy all the opportunities life might bring our way, including having sex with other people.
We have been with couples (and we love them),girls, and our favorite, single guys for MFMs.We have to confess that even thou we are always open to couples and girls, what turns us both on the most is the MFMs along with the Hotwife experiences. Husband loves to share his wife with hot guys and the wife here loves the fact that he loves it and take full advantage of it. She had some very hot experiences as a Hotwife. Since Hotwife is men's # 1 fantasy and the "new thing" couples have found to spice up their lives, we decided to share with all of you readers some of the experiences we had in the last 2 yrs.
View my complete profile
Wife always try to play safe. She always asks her lovers to wear comdoms. She hates comdom and wish she could play bareback, it make things much more fun for us. What about you ?
What is the favorite position you husband like to watch your hotwife being fucked ? Personally I LOVE to watch my wife get fucked on a missionary position. Her legs wide open for her guy, her cute feet up in the air, or her legs wrapped around him.
Total Pageviews
Awesome Inc. template. Powered by Blogger.