https://www.advices69.tumblr.com
Advices 69
Advices 69
My deep dark dirty secrets.: MAKING HER SQUIRT »
purevolumes:
There are many ways to use your fingers to make a girl go crazy, and some of the best are to be found by simple exploration - try different things, different numbers of fingers, different parts of her pussy and ass, and be innovative and inventive. Some of the best fingering…
Reblogged 4 years ago from sinninginsecret (Originally from purevolumes-blog)
83 notes
Source:
purevolumes-blog
Fuck Yeah Female Masturbation: G-Spot TAKE TWO: From a Woman's Perspective »
fuckyeahfemalemasturbation:
The earlier post about the G-Spot was a reblog written directly to a male audience hoping to ‘conquer’ the mysteries of the G-Spot. (Read: heteronormative.)
Please… you don’t need a penis to find the G-Spot. And you sure as hell don’t need a male to find pleasure! Here’s how to do it YOURSELF.
FACTS
It was a male perspective since im a man. only in part of my article you see that you need a penis, and you dont need one to have ANY orgasm.
in reality, i don´t see any difference between both, only the effort to call it “ to woman”.
In most cases you ejaculate, the difference is how much.
milky fluid is for normal and clitoral orgasm, G-Spot gives you a fluid one.
the smell is different yes, and also depends of what you eat, ex: spicy gives you bitter, chocolate, sweet.
and yes, i already taste it.
Reblogged 4 years ago from fuckyeahfemalemasturbation
8 notes
kinkyminx:
internerd:
-rosasparks-:
I just fainted. I need to change my panties, too.
I had no idea this wasn’t common knowledge… What the fuck have the rest of you fellas been doing, apart from letting the side down?
Also should be noted that you should not blow raspberries on it just as she is about to cum. Do. Not. Want.
Reblogged 4 years ago from kinkyminx (Originally from ayyeemanda-blog-deactivated2015)
40,432 notes
Vagina
for those that don´t know what, were and how.
Posted 4 years ago
4 notes
Tagged: vagina, .
Brazilian Girls…
Amazing what people imagine about them (Brazilian girls).
Since im in Europe im close to ear some telling s, not always true.
- They have the best ass in the world:
that’s a fact, afcorse that not all, but the best ass come from there.
-They are horny all the time:
not true, depends on the woman, lots of them don’t even like sex.
-They are the best in bed:
same, depends, lots of times its only talk and nothing more.
-They love you:
if you get lucky, most of them just want to get out of the country a
get a asshole to pay their bills and give her a better life, then they
dump the guy off.
i knew lots of them, all the same, same talk, same imagination, they all look systers lol.
like most of them, they are full of confidence, we talked over the net for a few months, it was daily.
we were almost boyfriend and girlfriend, time passed and she told me
that before she go home (she was in an Euro country in vacations) she
was passing by mine for a few days before flying to Brasil.
we marked a day so i could pick her on the train station in a big city close to my home.
that day came, i was in the train station with a rose in my hand
waiting for her… waited about an hour (trains here always late).
she droped the train and we exchange looks, i came close grab her by her body and give a big kiss, after it i give the rose…
she was amazed and surprised, by the rose and the kiss.
we sit for a while, talk and decided to go to the hotel to put our bags, as we did…
in the hotel nothing happened, just bags in place, and we runned to
the city, i showed the city to her, that afternoon, we were more kissing
and rushing our bodies then seeing the sites.
i was already with my dick big and hard, and she was already wet (i
felt it), we agreed that was time to get back to the hotel and finish
some unfinished business.
several times she told me she was very hot, she loved sex and told me
that until that day, no man dropped her off in sex (she loved to have
more then once to get happy).
i though to myself, im fucked, im used to 1, in some exceptions twice, im fucked…
we went to the hotel and jumped to the bed, the clodes disappear fast, and soon we only have our panties on.
i started to kiss, lick and suck her big and hard brests (DD), came down to belly and played above her panties for a few.
she put her panties to the side so i could lick it, so i did, i
licked her lips, clit, vagina and ass like if was my last day on earth..
1 orgasm came fast, then other, and other, and other…. she begged
me to fuck her, she couldn’t hold it anymore, she wanted my dick inside,
wanted to feel it.
i agreed with her request and put it inside in one strike (she already flooded the sheets with cum)…
i bang her hard and fast, wild sex, all holes were filled, one by
one, i fucked her ass in same manner, she screamed with pleasure calling
me names, saying fuck me hard, what a fucking good cock, fuck my ass,
fill it with milk….
it lasted 2 days, fucked her 5 times, each taked 4 hours filling
every hole she have and sucking and liking all his body, we only stoped
to eat, drink and smoke, and fuck again.
i came 5 times, she… i lost my count, in the last i was ready for
the 6th, but she begged, no more, she was beated for the first time and
fucked like never was before…
i was lucky to have the pleasure to fuck someone like her, she was a fucking vulcano, the best fuck in my life in all aspects.
THANK YOU J. i will never forget you and those 2 days, were the best….
ps: we can always to more and better, only depends on the moment and company, i have luck, and u?
with love SomeonePT….
Posted 4 years ago
1 note
Tagged: brazilian girls, .
G-SPOT or Grafenberg Spot.
For lots is a fantasy, to others it´s Heaven.
It is real?
yes, it is real and one of the main effect that leads to Squirt and BIG orgasms.
what exactly is the g-spot?
It is the bean-shaped, spongy
tissue of the paraurethral gland,
which is analogous to the male
prostate. The actual area is only about
the size of a quarter, but it
feels rougher to the touch than the
surrounding tissue. Because the
G-spot is composed of erectile tissue,
it swells up when blood rushes to
it – especially if you learn how to
master the woman’s G-spot
effectively. It is located about one
to two inches back from
the vaginal opening inside the front vaginal
wall. The “front” wall is
the wall of the vagina on the same side as
her belly button.
the best way to find the g-spot
First of all, the G-spot is easiest to locate when a woman is sexually aroused, so don’t stint on your foreplay first. (You knew I would get that in!) To locate and master the woman’s G-spot, face your partner while she is
lying on her back and insert your index or long middle finger into her
vagina as far as it will easily go. Then crook it up toward yourself
in a
“come hither” motion, sliding your fingertip along the top of the
vagina until you find an area that is rougher than the rest of that
vaginal wall. (Make sure you have your fingernails clipped short and
buffed before you do this – sharp fingernails will definitely spoil the
effort.) This rough or slightly ridged area is the “G-spot,” and
touching it will often cause a woman to react with surprise or pleasure.
If you don’t get a reaction, don’t be too shy to ask her if she feels
especially sensitive when you touch what you think is the spot. You
may
need to use a fair amount of pressure to find the G-spot because it
is
located within, not on the outside of, the vaginal wall. Sometimes it helps to use your other hand on the outside of the mons
pubis (the hairy area above the pubic bone) to lightly massage the skin
in the area where your crooked finger is touching to intensify the
effect. And since not all women are G-spot sensitive, don’t get discouraged if you can’t get a special reaction. While some women are capable of multiple orgasms with repetitive stimulation of the G-spot, others don’t get much of a
feeling and some even feel discomfort from G-spot stimulation. No worries – every woman will appreciate the attention and the effort!
And while searching, you might discover other areas in her vagina that
she responds to even more enthusiastically.
tapping into love
The best way to manually stimulate the G-spot is with a firm
“tapping”
motion with your crooked finger. Some guys find it easier to
stimulate
the G-spot with various toys.
Any dildo can be used for this, but the ones that are best suited for
G-spot stimulation are hard and curved. Many are made specifically for
G-spot stimulation, as their length, width and curve are specifically
designed to take the “guesswork” out of G-spot stimulation. Even
women who do not enjoy manual stimulation of the G-spot may enjoy
penile stimulation of the spot during intercourse. So, if your penis has
a natural upward bend, you’ve got it made. Other men have to find
positions that maximize penile contact with the front wall of the
vagina. The “woman on top” positions and posterior (doggy style)
positions are best for achieving that contact. The only way to
get G-spot stimulation in the missionary position is to prop her hips up
with pillows (or with a special wedge known as “The Liberator”). Women
can also intensify their ability to have G-spot orgasms by learning to contract their pelvic muscles, known as Kegel exercises.
sex gets better with age
There is some evidence that the intensity of a woman’s G-spot orgasm
is
mediated by the hormone estrogen. Most young women under 30 find
clitoral orgasms to be more powerful because, due to their relatively
high estrogen levels, their vaginal lining becomes too thick to allow
direct stimulation of their G-spot nerves. As the estrogen
level begins to decline in women during their 30s, the vaginal lining
becomes thinner and the G-spot becomes more accessible. That’s why most
women feel that they begin to peak sexually in their early to mid-30s.
SOURCE:Dr.
Victoria Zdrok earned her Ph.D. in Clinical
Psychology from Drexel
University, a J.D. from Villanova Law School and
her certificate in sex
therapy from New Jersey School of Medicine. She
is the author of Anatomy of Pleasure,
and is the monthly sex advice columnist for Penthouse Magazine (for
whom she was 2004 Pet of the Year). You can ask her questions three
times a week on her radio talk show at ElectricEyeRadio.com, or visit her at her website, SexySexpert.com
Posted 4 years ago
63 notes
Tagged: gspot, .
How to give women squirting orgasms brought to you by RedTube - Home of free porn videos
SQUIRT and G-SPOT
Make Her Ejaculate
Some women don’t know how to orgasm, while others need little more
than a
whisper in order to reach orgasmic heights. And then there are
the
others – those women who have the capability to squirt their
juices all
over the bed, the floor, or even you. Although we’d
like to
believe that every woman is capable of reaching such heights of
sexual
ecstasy, unfortunately, there are many women out there who
disagree. And
if they’re not willing to open their minds to the idea of
ejaculating,
then that’s their prerogative. Nevertheless, if
you are with a
woman who is very sexually in tune with herself, and
would be willing to
let you manipulate her vagina until she ejaculated
all over you, then
today’s tip on female ejaculation is going to leave you soaking wet.
Before you make her ejaculate
A woman’s ejaculate is expelled from the urethra, the same place where urine comes out
from. And although studies have found that the clear liquid is not urine
at all (the juice is released from the Skene’s glands, or urethral
sponge), if your girl doesn’t have complete control over her PC
(pubococcygeus) muscle, there is a chance that she may actually pee all
over you. If this does end up happening, be cool about it.
Think about it; it’s normal for her to feel as though she’s about to
urinate when she’s about to ejaculate. If she tries to hold it in, she
won’t ejaculate; she has to let go. If she does end up urinating, and
you trip out on her, she’ll never try this again. Accept the golden
shower, and don’t freak out. Let her go with it; eventually
she’ll learn the difference between the sensations. And although you can
manipulate her vagina all you like, if your woman is inhibited, then
chances are she won’t be able to reach this pinnacle of sexual
satisfaction. She may even get annoyed by the feeling, so make sure she
wants it. OK, so she wants it. If you’re about ready to start seeking the liquids, read on to find out what you have to do.
Make her ejaculate with your fingers
While there are some women who can ejaculate through clitoral
stimulation, or through other sex play (penile penetration or even
breast-sucking), the most effective way to achieve this outcome is
through G-spot manipulation with your hands.
Obviously, we’re not implying that you should head directly for the G-spot when you’re trying to make her ejaculate. Start out with some foreplay
and lick her clitoris first – get her “pumped,” so to speak. Once she
begins to get excited, insert two fingers inside her vagina, with your
palm facing up. But don’t stop licking her clitoris (unless, of course,
you can’t do two things at a time). About an inch or two
inside
the vagina, you will likely hit a round ball of skin – that’s
the
G-spot. Keep stroking the area with pressure; it may start to
become
more solid; just keep doing what you’re doing.Tip: Use
your other hand to gently press down on the area between her navel
and
her mons pubis (her pubic mound) for increased stimulation. If
she tells you that she feels like she’s about to urinate, assure
her
that it’s near impossible for her to pee and that she should just
let
go. Although her instincts may be to hold back, reassure her with
encouraging words. As she begins to reach orgasm and starts to
ejaculate, prepare yourself to either be greeted by a light gushing
liquid or an actual drenching spray. Both are normal and the amount of
liquid can reach anywhere from a teaspoon to a cup. Have some towels
handy. After she gushes like crazy, chances are she’ll want a
break because her vagina might become extremely sensitive (think of the
head of your penis after you ejaculate). So, don’t go for a second
round
right away unless you get the distinct impression that she’s
ready for
more.
Keep getting the goods
Achieving the almighty squirt may not be as simple as described above; it may take some experimentation, persuasion and different positions. As well, you may want to try stimulating other parts of her body while you head inside. For example, have her lie down on the bed, face up, and kneel next to
her (your body should be facing her belly button). While your fingers
are stimulating her G-spot, use your other hand and your mouth to
manipulate her nipples. You could also opt to rotate between penile penetration and finger penetration in the doggy-style position. And, of course, there are women who can ejaculate through sex alone, so place her on a surface where her vagina easily
meets your penis and penetrate her, making sure only your penis connects
your bodies. And if all else fails, you can always call on a vibrator to help your woman get in touch with her juicier side.
keep on simulating
Every woman has the ability to reach incredible heights of orgasm. It’s up to you to convince her to let go of her inhibitions and make her ejaculate all over you. Until next time, get that juice.
Source:
http://uk.askmen.com/dating/love_tip_150/184_love_tip.html
Posted 4 years ago
23 notes
Tagged: squirt, gspot, .
Carpet Munching
sextra:
I just want to be eaten out really well. I find it utterly
disappointing that I have only ever been with one person that was super
great at oral. And because I don’t have enough experience knowing what
makes it great, I can’t give any suggestions to partners.
What can I say to someone to guide them in the right direction? And
specific suggestions please, not just “say ‘oooh yeah, right there
baby.’” That’s kind of in the realm of obvious.
Sorry to reply like this but i dident found any other way in notes to do it.
To me always depends on WHO you are with and the experience he have.
in my experience you should try like this:
- first see what kind of guy he is,
if
he a shy guy take his head with your hands and guide him, while
you do
it, tell him what you want, “yesss, there”, “now slowwww, fuck
yhea”,
“suck me fasterrr, harder…”, “suck my lips… my clit, etc…”
dont have any problem in telling him what you need, were and how,
but for the start that you are telling him without him to ask you, then
is bad, you are fucking a moron.
if he is the macho kind of guy,
dont waste time, just fake, get it
over with and kick him, usually they
think their good, dont know shit,
over confident, and afcorse and not
least, they think on their selfs,
not in you or what you need.
Dont
waste time with 5 minute fuck, means they dont know your body,
they
dont care, and dont give a fuck if you want or have an orgasm.
to
me, at least 1 hour, 20 to 30 minutes of that time is sucking the
ass,
the labia, vagina, clit and the rest of the body, mainly a tung
wash
throw the entire body, sucking and licking…
the only exception is wild sex in a wall, even so i knee and pray, liking her cunt dry before i fuck hard….
the start to me is the most important, i call it “couvert” or “Entrance”, its the most important part, why?
most
man can have an orgasm in 5 to 10 minutes, a woman usually need
20 to
30 minutes, the body resistance is also a factor, since a guy
get tired
faster (usually they do the workforce).
the entrance give us time
to give you orgasms and to fuck you off,
so when we go for the dick, you
are already tired, satisfied, and ready
for the finish….
hope i could be of assistance…
Posted 4 years ago
Hygiene in Men.Every day I hear complaints about hygiene in men, and indeed almost all have reasons to be.while women (the majority) has the notion of personal hygiene, men were not accustomed to it, but it is not an excuse.this or similar product is for this reason, wash in a bidet and apply the proceeds of the way so that a shower gel.Your gonna say .. damn, this is a product of a woman …. it was done for them, but it works very well for men, same result is clean, washed, and bacteria without smelling …the next time they want a blowjob, Wash yourselves ….
ps: if you cant find this one in a drugstore close to you, ask for a similar one…
http://www.lactacyd.es/
sorry, the product is Spanish
Posted 4 years ago
6 notes
Tagged: Hygiene, .
Men and Women ….
Some facts about the two.Contrary to popular belief, Men do not like skinny women, quite the opposite, we like women who have somewhere to grasp, is a mistake to think that the more lean more men will show up.we like breasts, large and juicy.we like a nice ass, round and plump hard.Labia maiora fleshy , labia minora medium / large.and most importantly, who is a lady outside and a whore in bed.we are not picky but if a man is serious we choose a clever one, if is to put her some horns above her head we then chose a model dumb as a door.nobody likes to suck the bones, let the dogs do it….
Posted 4 years ago
Tagged: men, women, .
Advices 69
"WTF" is NSFW - 18 and older only blog, you may find porn or erotic material, you may find normal, or strange things.
WTF - NSFW +18 Blog
WTF
For Portuguese Food
Portuguese Food
For Advices/Ideas/Etc...
Advices/Ideas/Etc...
COOL ADS
COOL ADS
MY LIKES
MY LIKES
hit counter
My blog
All of Tumblr
Follow on Tumblr
RSS feed
Random
Archive
Mobile
© 2011–2016 Powered by Tumblr