https://www.advice-to-sex.tumblr.com
Sexual Life
Sexual Life
This blog is for any questions! We will answer them all and give you our best advice!
home
message
submit
her blog
his blog
posted 1 year ago with 451 notes
posted 1 year ago with 55,214 notes
precumming:
i wish people followed me for my blog not my massive dick
posted 1 year ago with 4,020 notes
posted 1 year ago with 306 notes
posted 1 year ago with 0 notes
Does anybody have questions I can help you answer?:)
posted 3 years ago with 0 notes
Anonymous: I am a 19 year old male. I want to make masturbation more interesting since its kind of getting dry with the usual fist and what not, And I'm finding it to be less pleasurable *since my sessions are like 5mins* I know going longer makes it more pleasurable but I feel stupid afterwards with all the effort. Is there a way to make masturbation more fun and pleasurable without abstinence? If so please hit me up with some sites or info. I probably know some of them so yea :) ThanksOne thing that’s helpful is edging, maybe do some research into that, denial definitely increases your pleasure when you do orgasm. Perhaps incorporate a toy into your masturbation, be it an anal toy of a vibrating cock ring or something like that. Give those a try! -C
posted 3 years ago with 0 notes
Anonymous: Does it hurt the first time you have sex?Yeah, you’re gonna want to be on the bottom for this.It usually hurts and there might be blood. All normal. It can hurt a few times until your hymen is completely broken and you can handle his size. It also hurts if you haven’t had sex in awhile, not nearly as bad as the first time but you’ve got to “stretch” to fit your partner.
posted 3 years ago with 0 notes
Anonymous: when someone eats you out does it taste like anything?I think as long as you keep it really clean shouldn’t really have much of a taste. All the guys I have been with told me I dont really taste of anything down there and it just the same as sucking on my breasts.
posted 3 years ago with 0 notes
Anonymous: Hi, love your blogs. Anyway, I'm in a pickle because I broke my arm. It's going to be in a cast for nearly a month. I'm a guy btw. How can I masturbate? It's my good hand that I broke and I can't cum with the other :/. Thanks, and keep on masturbatingrub it with your mind (;
Get a “bullet” vibrator with the variable speed control. Get a sock that fits tight, cut out the foot part so all you have is the elastic tube. Slide the tube over your penis then you can place the bullet vib on the underside of your penis. You may want to experiment with a tighter sock or a looser sock, but once you find the right one it will be worth it.
hump a pillow or get a vibrator or find a girl
posted 3 years ago with 0 notes
Anonymous: how about we can hook sometimes !?What.
1
2
3
credit