https://www.aenyc.blogspot.fr
The Adventures of Emerson in NYC
The Adventures of Emerson in NYC
Monday, October 30, 2006
Shit on my Face?
Oh what a night.
Tonight I found me a super hot shaved headed man and I was dirty with him!
Here's how it went.
I got to the club with my friend Jeff.
We were dancing on stage, shirtless, and pointing out guys we thought were attractive.
There was a guy with a shaved head that I pointed out.
We danced for a good hour or so, and I kept my eye on this shaved headed guy.
He was pretty tall, probably 6'2.
He had nice pecs, a nice face, good legs.
Sexy, sexy, sexy.
He got on the dance floor once or twice and danced in kind of an odd way.
He kept his head really low and would rock left and right.
Right away I didn't think he was sober, he seemed like he was on, not just alcohol.
But he was attractive and I decided that I wanted him.
He went upstairs where there were a bunch of couches.
Jeff and I went up there to scout things out, and saw him sitting on a couch all alone, slouched unusually low.
He looked bored out of his mind, and high on something.
We go over and sit next to him.
Jeff starts dancing on top of me and I think he got scared.
He got up and went downstairs.
Jeff and I hung out upstairs for a while, then went downstairs again.
He was on the dance floor.
I went, alone, and danced near him.
I was a good 5 or 6 feet away, but we faced each other when we danced.
It made me glad because he hadn't shown any signs of interest until then.
But even so, after a couple minutes, he ended up turning around and dancing on the other side of the dance floor because of a guy that jumped right between us and started dancing.
We both took up a lot of space with our dancing so we both needed more space when that guy tried to fit between us.
He disappeared for a while, and I continued to dance.
I ended up getting bored with the music, and headed upstairs again.
There he was on the couch, all alone.
I went over to him and sat next to him.
It was my plan to say hello, but I got scared.
I really am quite shy, despite the idea you might get of me by the content of this blog.
After a while I knew it would be awkward for me to say hello, because I had been sitting there quietly for a couple minutes.
So I decided I needed something to say hello about.
It's tragic, but it's becoming very popular to strut.
Lots of twinky boys find open spaces in clubs to walk like they were on the runway.
They walk a ways, strike a pose, then walk back.
And by walk, I mean strut like a female model.
I honestly don't understand it at all, but if it floats their boats then I'm happy for them.
Anyways, a guy strutted past me and my shaved headed friend who I still hadn't said hello to, and I decided to use it as an opportunity.
I leaned over to him and said "do you know why they strut?
I don't get it..."
He kind of chuckled and he said he didn't get it either.
We chit chatted for a while.
He wouldn't really look at me.
I didn't think he was interested.
I had my hand on his arm, I was determined to seduce this guy.
Turns out I didn't really have to.
He reached over and put his hand on my leg, after a minute or a minute and a half of conversing.
I gently rubbed his arm while we talked about music.
It didn't take long for his hand to end up in my pants, and for us to start making out.
He was an interesting kisser.
Usually I don't like aggressive kissing, but in this case I did.
I don't know if most people are familiar with leather daddy and bear pornos where the actors put their faces really close and let the sexual tension build up and then they do a quick, aggressive kiss.
But, he was doing this.
It was kind of odd, but it turned me on.
I'm going to get super graphic from now on, so if you don't want to read anything super graphic, then don't.
Okay, now for the good stuff.
As soon as he put his hands in my pants he realized that I was uncut.
He leaned to me and said, "Oh, I loooove uncut cocks."
He put my foreskin between his thumb and his pointer finger and pinched it.
It felt really, really, really good.
We kept making out.
I then tried to put my hand in his pants.
I had been rubbing the dick area of his jeans before this with no objection.
But as soon as my hand went in his jeans he sat straight and pulled my hand out of his pants.
I don't know what he was scared of.
But I didn't attempt to do it again.
He was really turning me on though.
As everyone who knows me knows, I have a thing for shaved heads.
I like to touch them, rub them, kiss them, lick them, and look at them.
His was wonderful.
Shaved heads are great when they are freshly shaved, but one of my favorite stages of the shaved head is when there's rough stubble all over the head.
He was at that stage.
We spent a good while making out and rubbing each other.
He was very aggressive, but not in a bad or disrespectful way.
It was sexy.
He then told me that he had to go to the bathroom.
We went down there together.
After we got out of the bathroom (separate stalls), he asked if I wanted to dance.
I did.
He was equally as aggressive on the dance floor.
He did lots of things like put his hand around my neck when he kissed me, he didn't choke me or even squeeze hardly at all.
It just felt like a brace, of sorts.
It felt good.
He would put his hand around my lips, and hold my face back, look at me, and then move in quickly and kiss me.
Then he'd move back, look at me again and just lick me.
Just kind of lick my lips.
It was sloppy, which I usually don't like, but it turned me on for some reason.
He was sloppy and aggressive, not things I usually like, but it was fun for some reason.
I never had any intention of going home with him.
I didn't trust him one bit.
He seemed like he was on drugs of some kind.
I also am not doing the whole one night stand thing, it just isn't for me.
But, back to the dance floor.
He bent his head low while he danced, and I took the opportunity to hold his head and lick it.
I like to lick a shaved head, especially a prickly one.
It felt good and tasted good to have my tongue slide across his head.
His head wasn't too salty.
Just perfect.
He seemed to like it and after we kissed a couple times he would bend his head over and let me lick it.
He was also licking my neck and ears a bunch.
I should check myself for hickies, actually.
He didn't suck barely at all, but I better be safe and check.
Anyways, head licking entered the equation, and it brought be to a higher level of horniness.
They cleared the dance floor to do a Halloween contest.
We went upstairs and found a nice dark corner.
Oh how I love dark corners.
We kissed some more.
He got a budweiser and was kissing me after sipping a budweiser and it tasted nasty.
I like how budweiser tastes, actually, but budweiser and saliva aren't too good mixed.
We kissed and rubbed each other.
I had my dick pointed towards the top of my jeans off to an angle though, so just my foreskin was peeking out.
I was rubbing it.
He rubbed it a little.
It was pretty empty up there, so I just took my dick out of my pants and started jacking myself off.
He then asked me where I lived.
I told him the area.
He then asked if I lived alone.
I told him no, which is true, and that I even have a guest right now, which is also true.
So, him coming over to my place wasn't possible, and he must have had a room mate because he never offered for me to come to his place.
But I wouldn't have accepted in either case.
I didn't trust the guy, and I'm not doing one night stands for now.
Then he started saying something I couldn't understand.
He said "I want you to ____ on my face."
It was some kind of s word, and I couldn't tell what it was.
It was either shoot, sit, or shit.
I hope it wasn't 'shit', because I couldn't bring myself to do that.
He said it a couple times though.
I think he was saying shoot or sit though, even though he did strike me as a kinky guy.
The club had been dying down for a while.
I saw Jeff standing close to us, talking to a guy, but I could tell he was ready to go.
So, I told my shaved headed friend that I was afraid I had to go.
He said "okay, maybe in another life."
We made out some more, we kissed again.
He said "In another life" and then walked away.
It was kind of surreal for some reason.
The whole evening was totally new to me.
I have a lot of trouble finding shaved headed, muscular men who will let me touch them.
He was one of the few.
And on top of that, he was totally strange in the way that he interacted with me, physically and otherwise.
And then there was the whole shit/sit/shoot on my face thing.
I would gladly have sat or shot cum onto his face, but shitting is a whole different matter.
I'm an open minded guy, but that's just not something I'm even willing to try.
I'm glad the night panned out the way it did.
It was fun, safe, and interesting.
Maybe I'll see him sometime in the future.
Maybe not.
I'd be happy either way.
posted by Emerson at 5:10 AM
3 comments
Monday, September 25, 2006
Jason was back
Jason was back at Avalon tonight.
Unfortunately he has a boyfriend, but he said that in another time and place he'd date me.
Oh well...
I don't have too much to say, otherwise.
We danced together again for more than 2 hours.
We weren't as slutty this time, but don't worry, we were plenty slutty.
After Jason left I tried desperately to get a hot shaved-headed, buff, beautiful man to dance with me to no avail.
I tried everything but he wouldn't.
Oh well, what can ya do.
To supplement this measly, little post, Im going to highly recommend that y'all head over to the PNS Explosion and check out a show.
They are completely silly and completely brilliant.
I'm more than addicted.
Also, check out their awesome blog, Boomtacular - great stuff.
posted by Emerson at 4:09 AM
2 comments
Monday, September 11, 2006
Back in Business (and NYC)
I'm back!
That's right, I'm back in New York City, but at a different University this time.
I'm staying put, too - 100% committed.
So, this blog has been very... Schiavo... for a while.
I was stripping and stripping doesn't lead to many adventures, believe it or not.
I might resume stripping in NYC, but not for a while, and maybe not.
But onto the juicy stuff - my adventure tonight!
I went to good old Avalon.
I think I've had most of my adventures in Avalon.
It's because Avalon has a circuit party type room with lots of buff older men.
Grrrrr, love 'em.
I got me one tonight =).
I danced in the hip hop room for a while and while I was in the middle of the dance floor this hot guy started dancing near me.
The hip hop room was full of skinny boys (or bois if you are partial to that term), and he was older, probably 35.
I never asked, and I never do.
Age is unimportant when it comes to dancing with someone, and it's often unimportant in relationships in general.
Anyways, this guy was dancing near me.
We were kind of making fleeting eye contact.
He was probably 5'10 or 5'11.
He had light hair, light skin, pretty eyes, clean shaven face, nice pecs, and a sexy black shirt.
I thought he was very cute right away.
We flirted with each other a little, but didn't dance.
He got fed up with the heat and the crowdedness that is the hip hop room and walked off towards the bar.
I, too, got fed up with the hip hop room and made my way to the big circuit party room.
The men mostly hadn't gotten there yet, it was filled with young'ns.
But the super nice, tall go-go box in the middle of the room was vacant.
I couldn't resist.
I jumped up there and danced my butt off for a good while.
Oh, I should mention what I was wearing - or rather not wearing.
I was wearing a pair of super-low-rise jeans, socks, and shoes, that's all.
I opted not to wear underwear this evening.
I had taken my shirt off.
The jeans were sagging quite a bit to reveal pubic hair and butt cleavage.
*coyly smiles*
I got off the stage and headed towards the hip hop room.
I think M.I.A. was playing, and I love me some M.I.A.
So I think I danced to that one song and went back to the circuit party room.
When I got there I saw my man dancing.
I went and danced near him.
At one point when he thought i couldn't see him I saw him point me out to a friend.
He pointed towards my pants and I'm assuming he was saying something about my lack of underwear to his friend.
I went back to the hip hop room.
I wasn't impressed and turned right back around and headed back to where I was.
I looked behind me and my man was behind me as I was walking to my dancing spot.
I gave him a smile and a friendly pinch on his pec, but didn't say anything yet.
He smiled back at me.
I went and danced alone.
I saw him dancing on the other side of the go-go booth.
I decided to just make the move.
Usually I let them come to me, but we had flirted enough for me to be sure that he wanted me, and I didn't want to waste anymore time.
I walked right over to him and danced with him.
I pressed myself right up against him.
He grinned.
I did too.
We danced for a little while.
I reached for his dick after about 30 seconds of dancing - I was in a cocky (pun intended) mood tonight - and I wanted to feel him up.
He was hard.
I was too.
He liked me touching him.
Oh, note to self: Wear underwear if you're going to get hard while dancing.
I'm uncut, and when I was erect the friction of my jeans was causing my foreskin to retract and then my jeans material was rubbing against the head of my dick which was a little too rough.
So, I had my hand on his cock and he decided to put his on mine.
He wasn't shy, but he was polite.
I moved his hands into my pants because he didn't want to assume that I wanted that.
That was fun.
He moved my hand into his jeans.
I won't lie, it felt real good to have a warm penis in my hand other than my own.
He bought me a water, which was super nice as I was super thirsty, and then we played with each other some more.
I ended up putting him hands on his back mostly.
It was too much work to get into the belt, and there was zero room for maneuvering in his jeans.
I massaged his back.
I love to rub a muscular man's muscles.
It's such a turn on.
He rubbed and tickled my back, it felt very nice.
We ended up spending 3 whole hours dancing together, with pretty much no breaks.
We spent a lot of time dancing really close and kind of slow.
Almost cuddle-dancing, but not quite.
It was very pleasant.
His hands felt really nice on my back.
It felt good to have my hands on his back.
We didn't talk too much, but he did introduce himself to me, and introduced me to his friends.
He seemed very sweet.
He started dancing a little goofy (a cute goofy) after about 2 hours, which I thought was really cute.
I can't deal with people who are too high strung to let loose and be silly.
He didn't look like he wanted to leave, but his friends did, so he bid me farewell.
He asked if I'd be at Avalon next week, and I said yes.
We didn't exchange numbers so he better be there!
I want to get to know this guy better.
I need to get me a guy to cuddle with in New York and he'd be perfect for that.
He'd at least make a good friend.
He seemed like a great guy.
So, I had a lot of fun tonight.
It was so good to be back at Avalon, I love that club to death.
If I see him next week, I'll probably blog it - depending on where it leads.
I'm going to limit this blog to dancing adventures *wink* *wink*.
posted by Emerson at 4:16 AM
3 comments
Sunday, June 11, 2006
What Do I Do About my Knees?
It's Saturday night.
I've gone out every night since Wednesday night.
That's 4 nights in a row.
I've been having a blast and I've been earning pretty damn good money.
I don't know what most go-go boys average, and I don't necessarily do it for the money anyways, but I'm getting an average of at least 50 bucks a night.
I got $80 last Wednesday!
I wish I could dance longer, because I'm limited to about 2 and a half hours of dancing each night due to my schedule, but that's probably for the best as I don't think my knees could take anymore than what I give them now.
Ah, yes, my knees.
They hurt!
I don't know what to do!
I've rarely danced so much in such a short period of time.
I did a couple times in New York, although 3 times a week was more common, thursday, saturday and sunday.
My knees never hurt in new york.
My dancing style has changed a little though, partially due to the music oilcan harry's plays.
I'm less ghetto, more belly-dancer.
In new york where unremixed hip hop played I was more ghetto about my dancing.
I dance much better to hip hope than to electronic music.
Anyways, my knees hurt.
This worries me for 2 reasons.
(1) I'm going to be arthritic at 30.
(2) If they still hurt on Wednesday, which they probably won't, this will impede on my dancing!
Should I take a dance class?
I need to improve my technique, I suppose.
I think my technique is pretty good as is, though.
In any case, I can't avoid bending my knees.
Isolated hip movements are controlled by the knees.
The knees are one of the most important parts of the bodies when it comes to dancing!
I always stretch before dancing.
I take the bus to the club, like the poor, carless student I am, and I stretch at the bus stop.
And, yes, I look as idiotic as you would imagine - a young boy doing hip rotations at a bus stop.
Should I get an electronic heated pad and heat my knees as I sleep to get rid of the tension?
Or is heat bad for this?
Should I ice them?
eek!
I'm too lazy to sit down and ice my knees and stay in one place for more than.... 30 seconds.
I have a short attention span, what can i say?
Any professional dancers out there?
What do you do to protect your knees?
Thanks ahead of time for any suggestions.
posted by Emerson at 4:52 AM
1 comments
Sunday, June 04, 2006
Getting Paid to Dance Like a Ho...
I Could Get Used to This...
I take that back, I already am getting used to it.
Tonight was my first night of being an official go-go boy.
I danced in my black and green H&M boxer briefs and I earned 51 bucks - the exact amount I earned last night.
I didn't realize how many people take pictures of you!
I had a bunch of people take pictures of me, or stand underneath the go-go bar and get a friend to take a picture of them with me dancing over them.
That kind of scares me, but if I cared about having a great reputation I wouldn't be doing this.
If people want to judge me for the way I dance and for my (lack of) clothing, they can be my guest.
So, I get to the club.
It's 21+ night, so I had to meet the owner of the club outside to get me in.
That went really smoothly.
He kept telling me that I couldn't drink, and I told him that I don't drink so he didn't have anything to worry about and he looked at me like "why would you lie to me?".
I get that a lot.
I look like a good boy on the outside - blond hair, blue eyes, and a small frame.
I look like a bad boy when I dance though, hence him not believing that I didn't drink.
In reality, I'm somewhere in the middle - leaning towards being a good boy.
I go to class, I pay attention, I listen to people older than me and I heed their advice if I think it's good.
My parents told me not to go-go dance when I lived in New York.
I don't think that was good advice, so I'm not heeding it, and I'm not telling them about what I'm doing.
They are concerned for my safety.
If you have read my blog you know that I am concerned for my safety as well.
I don't think go-go dancing is inherently unsafe.
I don't accept drinks from guys unless it's a bottled water and the perforated lid has not been broken.
I don't hustle.
I go into the club with a healthy mindset.
If you are needy when you go into a club you're not going to have fun.
If I hadn't of earned a dollar tonight I would have been very happy.
I got to go to a club on a 21+ night, and I got to dance, and people looked at me with lust.
I like that!
If you are needy it shows.
Mindset is everything in dance.
I truly believe that.
People who don't think they can dance can't.
People with low self esteem never look as sexy as the people who are comfortable with themselves, and I don't even mean physically.
Lots of guys have great bodies but you can tell that they doubt themselves in other ways.
It shows on their faces, in the way they talk, and in the way they dance.
Be confident!
Dancing is about confidence.
Dance and sexuality go hand in hand in my opinion.
You have to think you're sexy to be a sexy dancer.
When I'm up there, I tell myself over and over again that I'm the sexiest guy in the club.
Am I?
No fucking way.
I tell myself that anyways and I dance better because of it.
The physical movements aren't hard to do.
It's mostly in the mind, people.
Some people just aren't very coordinated, and can't dance that well because of it.
But they can still look good when they do it if they aren't self conscious and if they stop thinking so much about it and just have fun!
I often close my eyes when I dance and let the music control my movement.
My dancing is rarely calculated.
I just do what feels right.
What feels right is different for everyone.
I dance from the hips.
The whole body is involved, but it's all about the hips for me.
I've often been complimented for having "Shakira Hips".
Enough of that.
I had fun tonight.
No stories per se, I just want to say two more things:
Dollar bills are nasty nasty things.
I had 43 bills jammed in my undies tonight.
41 one's and 2 fives.
Every single one of those bills was soaked in sweat.
In penis sweat - and don't think that's sexy for a second, because it's not.
I'm going to circulate this bills back into the economy.
So next time you get change somewhere you might be coming in contact with my pubic sweat.
And lastly, Mexican food is a bad idea after a night of clubbing.
Any negativity in this post is a direct result of the 'Cabana Bowl' I had at Taco Cabana.
It made me feel really shitty.
Literally shitty too.
It also probably had something to do with me drinking a Dr. Pepper.
I spent 2 of my hard earned dollars buying a soda.
I hadn't drunk a soda in a loooong time.
I don't like them, but I was totally dehydrated and they were out of water.
But sodas are too strong for my stomach.
Anyways, don't eat mexican food when you've been dancing for two and a half hours, ew ew ew.
I had a great time tonight though.
i'll definitely be back next week on Wednesday night, putting my penis sweat into the economy.
posted by Emerson at 5:12 AM
2 comments
Saturday, June 03, 2006
How I went to the Club with an Empty Wallet and Came Home with $71.00
Here's how I did it:
I went to a club in Austin called Oilcan Harry's at around 12:20 AM.
I went straight to the dance floor, as I always do, and I started dancing.
After about 5 minutes a guy who had been hitting on me the night before (he had put a dollar in my pants while I was dancing on the go-go bar) came up to me and gave me a bottled water.
I sincerely thanked him.
I appreciate it so much when guys buy me water.
I'm always super thirsty.
It probably has something to do with me dancing like my life depends on it.
I checked to make sure the perforated edge of the lid was not broken - safety should be your priority, kids.
It had not been broken so I drank the water.
As soon as I finished that one he came back with another.
I thanked him again, this time being even more appreciative.
At this point I was asked to dance by a guy who was probably not much taller than 5' and skinny skinny skinny.
If you've read many entries in my blog you know that I like my men big and beefy (and steroid free)!
But I don't discriminate on the dance floor, so I danced with him.
Then another twinky, black boy came up to me and he asked me if he could have the next dance.
I said "If it's okay with him", smiling and pointing to my dance partner.
My dance partner motioned for the guy to dance with us.
We danced in a triangle.
It was fun, as I didn't have to dance with either of them.
The three of us danced together separately.
The go-go bar was calling to me though and I couldn't resist.
I told the guys that I was going to dance on the go-go bar and they acknowledged me and I jumped up there.
This was probably at 1:15.
I don't think I'm good looking - especially my face and my tummy.
And my large thighs.
I have a very healthy amount of body fat.
I'm not overweight at all.
I'm 5'10" and 160 pounds.
I'm pretty normally sized.
I can only dream of having a six pack.
I don't think I'm ugly either.
I really just plain don't think about how I look or about what other people thing of my looks.
I lose weight when I start to feel groggy and weighed down, and I gain it when I'm hungry!
I don't go to the gym because I just don't care enough to.
So, I'm no model, but I'm not bad looking.
Apparently, some men really like my body though!
I think it's the dancing.
I try my hardest to ooze sex when I dance.
I think I'm pretty good at that.
After about 5 minutes on the bar the man who had bought me 2 waters came over to me and put a dollar in my pants.
It didn't stop after that...
A few minutes later a man put a bill in my pants which I later found out was a 20!
And then another man 'deposited' a 10, and later a 5 and a couple 1's.
I was overflowing with bills.
I was having a blast!
I almost had a line of people with bills for a while.
I would have been just fine with not earning any money at all, but the money was a very pleasant surprise.
After about 45 minutes on the bar, things died down a lot.
I wasn't getting any more bills, but I had come to dance so that's what I did!
At around 2:20, I decided that my legs deserved a rest.
I started to walk out of the club and the guy who had bought me the waters walked up to me and asked me if I'd be there tomorrow night.
I told him I couldn't and showed him my wristband, marking me as a minor.
He said "Don't worry about it, I own this club..." at which point I expressed my disbelief and excitement.
He wrote me a pass so that I can get in tomorrow night, telling me that I had to dance.
I thanked him over and over again, I was so frickin' glad.
I'm always dying to go out on Saturday nights, but I can't get in anywhere because of my age.
And on top of that, I'll probably earn some money.
I'll be even skankier tomorrow though, I'll be in my stylish H&M undies.
Hopefully that will work to my advantage.
I'm not done though.
So I walked out of the club and started to walk home.
I had what I thought was $50 even in my pockets.
I had counted pretty quickly, counting through a wad of cash in public is not the best idea.
On my way home I found a 20 dollar bill on the sidewalk.
I started wondering if I should believe in God at that point...
I was making money and I wasn't even trying!
I'll stick to being an agnostic, but an appreciative one.
So, I'm at $70.
We are still missing 1 more dollar.
I finally got back into my dorm room, a grin on my face.
I took off all my clothes, and brushed my teeth, took out my contacts, etc.
I hopped in the shower, and I felt something slide down my leg.
I freaked out, as I am afraid of insects and anything that touches me that I'm not prepared to be touched by feels like an insect to me.
I look down and a dollar bill was sliding towards the drain.
I had been walking around naked with a dollar bill stuck to my ass by my sweat!
Total at beginning of the night: $0.00
Total at the end of the night: $71.00
Total time spent at the club: 2 hours
Me: Ready for tomorrow night!
posted by Emerson at 4:48 AM
1 comments
Thursday, March 30, 2006
Hello New York City... It's Me - Emerson.
Yes, the title of my post is a play on a Judy Blume book.
No, I'm not proud of it.
Okay, here's the deal - I'm bored to tears in Austin!
There's nowhere to go dancing.
One place.
It's called Oilcan Harry's and it's not a leather daddy bar but I wish it was.
As it is the only 18+ club in Austin, and only for one night each week, all the twinky college kids go there.
I'm sorry, but twinky college kids are not attractive.
Not a single one, myself included.
Our supposed beauty, which I don't see, has no substance.
To me, there's nothing sexier than a man in his late 30's.
I can't explain it, but it's so sexy to see a man who is in his late 30s who still likes to have fun.
I digress.
I wish Oilcan Harry's was a leather daddy bar so I could find some men to dance with.
I'm surprised some of the boys at Oilcan Harry's don't have their umbilical cords still attached.
Okay, so the lame story of the night is that I danced for about an hour and a half.
The first hour and 15 minutes I danced alone.
The last 15 minutes a guy finally approaches me and I dance with him.
I was only moderately attracted to him.
He seemed very nice.
But I'm not looking for nice guys when I go dancing, I'm looking for big, sexy men in their late 30's who will touch me and let me touch them.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again, I go to clubs for superficial reasons.
I'm a horny 18 year old and dancing is my only way to release some of that sexual tension without having sex.
While I'm explaining myself, I might as well explain why I'm not having sex.
One, I'm shy!
It's hard for me to go from knowing someone to having sex with them.
You might say, "Emerson, you have done really nasty things with nasty guys in nasty clubs... How in the world can you be shy?"
I'd understand wondering that, but I really am shy.
It would be harder for me to hold a conversation with someone than it would be fore me to masturbate them in a dark corner of a club.
I don't know why, but I get really nervous when it comes to talking to people.
So, I mean, yes, I could pick up a guy at a club and have sex with him, but that's just not how I want to do it.
If I have sex, it'll be more romantic than that.
Plus, that scares me a lot.
Having sex with someone you've just met is more awkward than pleasurable, I'd think.
I wouldn't have sex with someone without knowing their HIV status, and it'd be awkward to ask.
What would I do, ride in a car with them to their place?
Then have them drive me back to mine when we're done?
That wouldn't be awkward... (sarcasm).
And it could be potentially very dangerous.
I'm a pretty able bodied guy, and I think I can take care of myself in most scenarios, but I'm pretty helpless at gunpoint, I'd imagine.
I suppose my point is that it'd be more trouble than it'd be worth, and I'm a chronic worrier, so I'd spend the whole time worrying.
I felt much more at home in New York.
There were things to do, and interesting people to see (and dance with!).
I'm finding my stay in Austin to be very dull!
People don't dance as well.
Dancing is about exploring an attitude, and none of them have any attitude at all when they dance!
They are all so mechanical, it drives me nuts.
And I'm not trying to be elitist, just stating my experiences.
I could fall asleep at Oilcan Harry's.
In NYC clubs there is so much energy.
It's no wonder the dancing is bad in Austin, it's hard to dance when that energy isn't present.
I find myself getting tired after 30 minutes of dancing here.
In New York, at a good club on a good night, I would totally forget about my muscles.
I've danced for 4 to 5 hours without stopping in New York at Avalon, and my legs didn't feel as tired as they do after 30 minutes of Austin.
I run out of energy so quick because there is no energy in the club to feed off of.
I'm applying to NYU and Pace in New York City.
I think New York City has a lot more to teach me.
It's a wonderful city.
I don't think I could live there, it's too hectic, and you might not believe this because of the nature of my blog, but I'm a pretty mellow guy.
Something in between NYC and Austin is where I'll end up after graduating, but while I'm young I can handle the big city.
So to sum everything up, I'm bored in Austin.
I had a very blah night of dancing tonight.
I'm going to try to get my butt back in school in NYC.
Sorry for the relative monotony of this blog.
I've always done it more for myself than anything, it's for meditation and reflection of my nightlife.
But I know that people read it, and I would rather not bore them.
Maybe I'll post a video of me dancing or something to satisfy people who are looking for something a bit more exciting in this blog.
Lord knows I am...
posted by Emerson at 4:05 AM
4 comments
Thursday, February 23, 2006
The Adventures of Emerson in... Austin?
I no longer reside in New York.
I am back in Austin, Texas, where I grew up, because the Parsons just wasn't for me.
I've decided (coincidentally, partially because of clubbing) that I don't want to go into the tech world.
So I withdrew from school, and I'm applying to liberal arts schools.
Due to moving, my age, and my location, clubbing is barely an option.
But where there is a will, there is a way.
Tonight I went clubbing for the second time since moving back to Austin.
Well, I'd say it was the first time I went clubbing clubbing.
The first time was with my friends one New Years.
It was a *gasp* straight club.
I've only been to two straight clubs in my entire life, and they are the two worst clubs I've ever had the displeasure of going to.
This one was worse than the other, Webster Hall.
Me and my friends danced on a speaker for not nearly long enough and we paid a ridiculous amount of money to get in there.
All clubs were charging a lot because it was New Years.
Tonight, however, was not New Years.
And I was clubbing the way Emerson usually clubs - with Emerson and Emerson only.
I went to a gay club called Oilcan Harry's.
No, it isn't a leather daddy bar, it just sounds that way.
I kind of wish it was, there were too many twinky guys in there.
Twinks just don't do it for me.
It was not an uneventful night.
I hadn't done anything daring in too long to have a eventless night.
In fact, it's very unhealthy for me to go so long without doing exciting things in clubs, because I lose a tiny bit of control when I finally reach the dance floor again.
I did something I regret tonight.
First, let me say that there are two levels of regret for me.
The first level is where you wish you hadn't of done something, but you wouldn't change it given the change.
Everything I've ever done in a club that I've regretted has fit into this level.
The second level is when you are permanently and negatively altered by an event.
For example, I'd regret on the second level getting drunk, getting in a wreck, and having both my legs amputated.
I'd never get my legs back.
So, let me begin the tale of Wednesday the 23rd at Oilcan Harry's.
I got to the club.
They x'd my hands, and wrist banded me as a less than 21 year old.
The marks of shame, if you will.
Really, I don't mind, as I don't drink, but I still wish I was 21 so that my club choices weren't so limited.
Anyways, I get there and the dance floor is empty (ugh).
So, I go to a dark corner and hope that nobody will talk to me until the dance floor heats up a bit.
I think secretly I hoped that someone would talk to me.
I really need people to go clubbing with in Austin.
Lo and behold, I was approached.
I was approached by someone that I found less than attractive, but I was beyond caring.
His name is Davie and he is skinny skinny skinny.
As I said, twinks don't do it for me.
They don't do it for me any more than women do...
But we had a very nice conversation, and it was nice to have someone to talk to while waiting for the dance floor to fill up.
We talked long enough for me to make it clear that I wasn't interested.
I was glad, because I didn't want that awkwardness between us.
Then 'My Humps' came on...
Oh god, I sound like the corniest of all corny people, but that song is the epitome of how I am in clubs.
Pompous, sexual, overt, and oh so ornery.
I was itching to dance and he could tell.
He told me that I should go dance, and I said sure, but I felt like I should invite him with me, so I told him he was welcome to come along.
He obliged.
We danced together for quite some time.
We danced a bit closer than I would have liked to, but I was just happy to be dancing again.
Eventually his friends made him leave, after probably an hour and 20 minutes of dancing.
He asked me for my number, but made it clear that he knew I wasn't interested, he just wanted to meet again at another time to hang out or go clubbing.
I was happy to give it to him.
But to be honest, I was very ready for him to leave.
I wanted me some older man meat.
I like big, older men, with plenty o' meat on 'em.
It took me a lot longer to get me one than it usually did in New York, the dynamic of clubs is different in Austin.
Guys are shyer.
I usually let guys come to me, but after 30 to 40 minutes of dancing alone I was getting impatient.
One older gentlemen was eyeing me very overtly.
I didn't find him to be that attractive, but I knew that I was just going to use him for a little while and then toss him out.
Hah, I sound like such a catty little bitch.
Well, I probably am in clubs.
I'm going to explain something again just to make it painfully clear: I'm a different person in clubs than I am outside of them.
The only thing I'm going to have sexual relations with in the near future is my hand.
At 18, I have a lot of sexual tension.
I could either masturbate 5 times a day and still be unsatisfied (which is what I've been doing recently), or I could masturbate every other day, but go clubbing and be very satisfied, sexually.
When I'm such a tease in clubs, it relieves so much of that tension that's aching to get out, yet it isn't dangerous and it isn't terribly unsatisfactory, like masturbation.
Really, I'm straight laced in many ways.
I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't lie, I don't cheat, I don't hang out with people that do the previously listed things, and I love nothing more than to sit at home drinking tea.
I just have unignorable sexual urges that clubbing fulfills in a healthy way.
So, back to what I was doing.
I was dancing for this guy.
He was short, which I couldn't decide whether I liked or whether I didn't like.
It was either a turn off or was cute.
He was one of those guys who was cute, but only from a specific angle.
He was a little chubby for my tastes, but I certainly don't mind a little chub.
I wasn't going to be overly picky though.
I was going to touch him, I was going to let him touch me, and then I was going to leave.
So, first I have to get him to dance with me.
So, I was pulling all the moves.
I was dancing as sexually as I could muster.
I danced like this for about 5 minutes and then a different man came up to me and told me I danced well.
Okay, time for another tangent.
Gentlemen and ladies, if you see someone who you think dances well, tell them that you think they dance well.
I love it when people compliment me on my dancing!
I always thank them and mean it.
But don't compliment someone and then expect them to dance with you.
The person who told me I was a good dancer did not do this, thank the lord, as he was not what I had in mind, and I wasn't done with my dance of seduction.
If you want to dance with someone who you think is a good dancer do one of two things: 1) Tell them they are a good dancer, then start dancing near them, and let them come to you or 2) tell them they are a good dancer and then ask them if they want to dance.
The former is preferable, in my opinion, because unless the person was really nasty, I'd dance with them in the latter scenario, even if I wasn't particularly interested in dancing with them.
Anyways, I kept dancing, and eventually it happened.
The guys I was seducing reached out and touched my hip.
I inched towards him, and playfully jabbed him with my elbow and smiled at him.
Then we started dancing.
He was behind me, we were both facing the same direction.
At first he was pretty innocent.
I should mention that he had a drink in his hand, and he appeared to be pretty damn tipsy, but not drunk yet.
He set down his drink, and put his arms under my shoulders, wrapped around my front and on my pecs.
We danced like that, and then his right hand fell to my hip.
I laid both of my hands on top of his, and we intertwined fingers.
I like doing that, by the way.
It's a very pleasing thing in my opinion, to hold the hand of the man I'm dancing with.
Many guys are weird about doing that.
This guy wasn't.
Yay.
I turned around and I laid my head on his shoulder.
My intention was to dance floor cuddle, but that didn't work, he was too short.
If you're dancing with a big guy, you can lay your head on his chest or shoulder, lean into him, dance at half speed, hitting every other beat, and just rock back and forth.
It's another very pleasing thing, in my opinion.
He was too short though, it was awkward.
But his ear was right there, so I nibbled on it a little.
I had a lot of sexual frustration to get out tonight, and I didn't want to waste any time.
He ended up nibbling on my ear too.
He wasn't too forceful about it though.
Overall, I was very happy with this guy.
He let me set the speed, but didn't object to anything I did.
I let my hands go down his back and onto his ass.
I squeezed his ass.
His ass was in very good shape, considering the rest of him.
In fact, it was rock hard.
I squeezed his ass through his jeans for a little while, but still wasn't happy enough.
So into his jeans went my hands, and I squeezed some more.
He did the same to me, although my belt was pretty tight, so he could only get his finger tips in.
That was pretty convenient, actually.
I wasn't really in the mood to be touched too much tonight, I was feeling aggressive and I wanted to do all the touching.
So I did!
Eventually my right hand made its way to the front of his pants.
I felt that he had a hard on before that because we were dancing so close, so I knew there was something for my hand to play with.
I was not disillusioned.
He was hard.
So, I had my left hand in his pants, squeezing his ass cheek, and my right hand squeezing his hard on through his jeans.
At one point I decided I wanted to feel his dick in my hand and started to put my hand in the front of his jeans but decided against it.
I like making guys think I'm going to sleep with them.
It's exciting to me.
But I thought that might be going a little too far.
And so far, I hadn't seen anybody do anything near as provocative as that during the night.
It's actually semi-common to see hands in jeans in clubs in New York.
So, I decided against it because I didn't want to attract too much
attention and I didn't want to be too much of a tease.
So I kept my hand outside of his jeans, but on his dick.
He liked that.
At one point I reached my hand up to rub his chest, and he took his own hand, placed it on mine, and moved my hand back to his crotch.
That was okay with me.
I'm going to be pretty graphic.
I don't get hard when I do these things usually.
It kind of depends on the guy and the circumstances.
This guy wasn't exactly my cup of tea, but he was doing mostly the right things, so I wasn't totally soft.
He felt the front of my jeans too, but there wasn't much to feel in there, so he stopped.
I didn't mind.
To be honest, I don't like guys touching my dick in clubs.
But this is when things went too far.
He obviously wanted to kiss me.
Remember my no kissing rule for clubs?
I broke it!
I let him kiss me... with lots of tongue.
I stopped him pretty quickly, but I still let him do that.
Kissing is a weird thing for me.
I think it's a very intimate thing.
In some ways it's the most intimate thing you can do with another person.
His mouth tasted like alcohol, another turnoff.
So I stopped him after about 15 seconds.
15 seconds is a long time though.
It just took me that long to realize what I was doing, unfortunately.
The reason I don't do that with guys in clubs is because, as I said, I think kisses are very intimate.
And when they are spread around too carelessly, it cheapens them when you're sharing them with someone you actually care for.
So, I regret kissing him.
1st level though.
No amputations, *wink*.
I had been facing the wall for a long time, and when I peered behind me, I realized the club was nearly empty.
I don't like that one bit.
When I tease a man, I like to back away from him, wave goodbye, and disappear into the crowd.
Unfortunately there was no crowd to disappear into.
It was only 2 AM, and the club was already dead.
No fun.
One of the guys staffing the club announced that it was closing soon and that everyone should leave the club.
So, I started to head for the door.
I wasn't sure whether I should bolt for the door and make it out before my little friend could say anything to me, but curiosity got the best of me.
I wanted to hear what this guy's voice sounded like.
I wanted to see if he'd be brave enough to invite me to his house.
I wanted to see what would happen.
It was a tad bit awkward, but most of my shyness disappears after I dance with someone (and stroke them through their jeans).
As we exited the club, we said something stupid and small-talk-ish to each other, like "that was fun".
He asked me where I was going next.
I told him I was going to my car and then home.
He asked me which direction my car was in.
I pointed the opposite direction of where my car actually was.
Safety is my priority, kids, and it should be yours, too.
So, we walked towards my imaginary car.
I pointed north east, but my car was due west.
Apparently, his place was east because when I turned to walk north he asked me "are you sure you don't want to come with me to my place?" pointing east.
I said "not tonight, but maybe I'll see you next week" and walked briskly north.
He didn't try to follow.
I walked further east, and around a block to make sure he wasn't following me, and then headed back to my car.
Will I go back to Oilcan Harry's a week from now?
Possibly.
It depends how I feel then, whether or not this Davie kid calls me, and if I remember.
There's always the chance that I'll just plain forget, given my worthless memory.
Hopefully my life won't be too adventureless, I have no plans to retire this blog anytime soon.
posted by Emerson at 4:08 AM
1 comments
Wednesday, December 07, 2005
That Tickles!
First off, let me explain why the blog has been so inactive.
It's inactive because I'm inactive!
I haven't done shit in 4 weeks.
Well, excluding last Saturday night, but we'll get to that.
I've been really busy with school, so that's been my priority of late.
But I haven't been totally inactive, I went out last Saturday night and had an adventure worth telling about.
I went to Heaven, which is where I always go on Saturdays.
Young crowd, good energy, good music, but at 10 to 12 bucks, I think it's expensive.
I usually dance alone at heaven just because I'm not into young guys.
So, I was dancing alone on a platform, and this guy comes up to me and starts feeling my stomach and ass.
He obviously had a sweat fetish because he was rubbing his hand down my sweaty chest and stomach and then licking the sweat off his fingers.
Kind of strange, but if that's what your into I say go for it.
I certainly had no objections to him drinking my sweat, didn't hurt me.
So he keeps lifting up my shirt, and I decided to help him out a little and just take the shirt off.
Simplify things, you know?
Well, he starts to lick my happy trail, my belly button, and my stomach.
It was kind of hard to dance like that, but I didn't mind, it had been a long time since I had done anything exciting, so I let him.
Then he got up on the platform with me.
I got kind of annoyed at this point, I like to have space when I dance, unless it's a guy I'm really attracted to.
This guy wasn't really my type, so I didn't really want to dance with him.
But I didn't say anything.
He was kind of encasing me with his body, and I couldn't move my waist much at all.
It wasn't like he was holding me down, far from that.
It was just a small platform and there shouldn't have been 2 people on it.
So, he starts licking my chest.
I like to put my arms up when I dance.
Can you see where this is going?
I'll spell it out bluntly.
I lifted my arms up, because that's what I do when I dance, and he went straight for my armpit like a moth to the flame.
He had a frikin' feast down there.
It tickled.
Hence the name of my post.
I wasn't sure what to do.
Should I stop him?
It didn't feel bad, I couldn't think of a reason to stop him.
Part of me felt like laughing, part of me thought it was hot, and another part of me thought it was disgusting.
I let him do it.
Let me explain my take on fetishes.
My only fetish is one for blind guys.
I think it'd be hot to do just about anything with a blind guy, including just talking to them, but it also includes having sex, hehe.
But I'm not against people that have weird fetishes at all.
I'll participate in their fetishes as long as it doesn't hurt me or disgust me too much.
I could be into just about anything if I were horny enough.
So, next this guy wants to lick my face.
I don't kiss guys I don't know, so I stop him, of course.
He kept asking me to kiss him, and I kept saying no, he got fed up, and then he left.
I was glad, I had my dancing area back.
That's my story, I got my armpit licked for the first time, and I'm not quite sure what to think of it.
It wasn't unpleasant, it just tickled a little.
posted by Emerson at 2:41 PM
1 comments
Monday, October 31, 2005
Only a Towel
Today I was in the Halloween Parade that goes down 6th Avenue dressed in only a towel. Not only was it thrilling, but it was loads of fun. I got tons of great comments about my costume (or lack of one). I danced along the street (most of the floats played music) and even got some cheers at one point. I kept hearing 'towel' out of the corner of my ears all through the night. I suppose you could call me an attention whore.
After the parade my friend and I went to Starbucks and a couple people there were laughing at me because I was only wearing a towel. This may seem non sequitorial, but I just want to say that I drank orange juice and not coffee - call me silly.
Definitely a fun night, and I didn't spend a dime, which is the best part.
posted by Emerson at 11:33 PM
2 comments
Previous Posts
Shit on my Face?
Jason was back
Back in Business (and NYC)
What Do I Do About my Knees?
Getting Paid to Dance Like a Ho...
I Could Get Us...
How I went to the Club with an Empty Wallet and Ca...
Hello New York City... It's Me - Emerson.
The Adventures of Emerson in... Austin?
That Tickles!
Only a Towel
Archives
September 2005
October 2005
December 2005
February 2006
March 2006
June 2006
September 2006
October 2006
Links
MacRumors
Gradient Creator