https://www.aerocloud.tumblr.com
ass and pretty places
\ass and pretty places
hey i'm Charlie, just an average 18 year old boy, trying to navigate the world without falling down a hole. INFP, swimmer and butt enthusiast. Kik: charliewarlie95 Instagram: cloudonfire
Ask away
Ask away
Me
Answered Asks
Other Links
Ask me anything...Submit
iceyl:
snaappy:
snaappy:
it’s a startling, unholy revelation
the thrilling conclusion
Always reblog
(via danivkify)303,440 notes   /   reblog
vcz
buttsandundies:
That is one cute ass
119 notes   /   reblog
mymodernmet:
Interview: Liz Osban’s Hauntingly Beautiful Photos of Iceland Aid in Coping with Depression
(via themoonatnight)374 notes   /   reblog
You promote a very unhealthy lifestyle. All you do is party and smoke weed and cause harm to your body by partaking in unhealthy anal sex and other anal activities. You should instead be a role model for others especially children who might visit your blog. You and the glorification of sex, especially gay sex, is not very good. There is more to life than gettig your anus sucked and licked and riding a large penis while high. Don't you think?Asked by Anonymousc-bassmeow:
3,665 notes   /   reblog
(Source: yoshinorimizutani, via themoonatnight)55,355 notes   /   reblog
vcz
wannaknowhowtofuck:
♥♥♥
(Source: balcon6, via classfully-dirty)7,742 notes   /   reblog
vcz
(Source: dinuguan, via themoonatnight)278,010 notes   /   reblog
leha:
whatwaitlol:
phonesignal:
dicpic:
I just saw a guy using a flip phone. Its 2015
you just saw a drug dealer
my sister uses a flip phone instead of a smart phone so she pays more attention to the people around her instead of staring at a screen all day. people dont realize how much they actually use their smartphones instead of listening and talking to the people around you.
I hate to break it you, but your sister is a fucking drug dealerWake up and smell the marijuana
(via thedailylaughs)
503,163 notes   /   reblog
vcz
barbieprivilege:
im both of them
(Source: paintdeath, via thedailylaughs)513,262 notes   /   reblog
(Source: haringtonskits, via themoonatnight)378,802 notes   /   reblog
Older →