https://www.aff.genblogger.com
The Producer's Perspective. A Broadway Blog by Ken Davenport
Home
About Ken
Podcasts
Consulting & Seminars
Private Coaching and Consulting
Seminars
Submit Your Script
How To Submit Your Script
Get Script Coverage
Forum
Books & Products
Books and Stuff by Ken
Ken’s Recommended Reads & More
Investors
5 Things I learned from seeing Hamilton on Broadway.
I finally saw it. It took me a while, but it finally happened.  (Getting my Tony Voter Tickets was a struggle, so I can’t imagine being a regular Joe and wanting to go.) If you haven’t been lucky enough to see it yet, well, yeah, believe the hype. Hamilton is the greatest theatrical achievement of the last …
Read More
12/08/2015
Producing
Podcast Episode #49:
The President of MTI (aka The King of Licensing), Drew Cohen.
When a show is a hit on Broadway, everyone looks at the grosses and thinks, “Look at how much money they are making.” Drew Cohen looks at the grosses and thinks, “Look at how much they are going to make.” The licensing of theatrical properties around the world is a ginormous business.  And the numbers and …
Read More
12/07/2015
MiscellaneousProducing
Broadway Grosses* w/e 12/6/2015
The following are the Broadway grosses for the week ending December 6th, 2015.
The Broadway grosses are courtesy of The Broadway League
Read more here:
Read More
12/07/2015
Broadway Grosses
The Sunday Giveaway: 5 pairs of tickets to the live audience for my livestream of Daddy Long Legs!
If you haven’t been able to tell, I’m pretty pumped about my livestream of Daddy Long Legs this Thursday, December 10th. I feel like it’s a birthday . . . a birthday for the streaming revolution (we hope) . . . and when you have a birthday, you like to surround yourself with people you love, right? …
Read More
12/06/2015
Sunday Giveaway
Who won my Be A Broadway Star board game?
Ok, my little old-school gamers, it’s time to give away Broadway’s best board game (and I can say that, because it’s Broadway’s ONLY board game)! First, thanks for the great “Make or Break” ideas for the next edition.  Some of my favorites included: The ghost of Ethel Merman returns – sing “There’s No Business Like Show …
Read More
12/05/2015
Sunday Giveaway
123›»
Hi.
I'm Ken Davenport. I produce stuff. You can too. For more information about me, click here. And sign up below to never miss a post.
Get My "TOP 100 BLOGS" Book For FREE.
Subscribe today:
SEMINARS
Stay tuned for the 2016 seminar schedule!
Most Popular Blog Posts
The 1st ever Crowd-Funded Broadway musical. And it's got your name on it.
10 audition tips for actors
Where creative teams earn their stripes
How to invest in a Broadway show Part I
How to invest in a Broadway show Part II
On no you'll never get the rights to . . .
Are discounts eroding our ticket sales?
10 simple steps to start internet marketing your show
How to get a producer to read your script
Got an idea for a show? Here's the first thing you do.
Categories
10 Q's for Broadway Pros
Books
Broadway Grosses
Broadway Stars
Broadway Vocabulary
Economics
Favorite Quotes
Flops
Fun on a Friday
Invest in Broadway ShowsKenisms
Junk Drawer
Musicals
Overheard At Angus
Plays
Politics
Producing
Questions From Readers
Sunday Giveaway
The Most Popular Posts of the Month
Theater Things That Don't Make Sense
Things To See
Tony Awards
Unions
Web/Tech
Writing
Recent Posts
5 Things I learned from seeing Hamilton on Broadway.
Podcast Episode #49:
The President of MTI (aka The King of Licensing), Drew Cohen.
Podcast Episode 49 – Drew Cohen
Podcast Episode 49 Transcript – Drew Cohen
Broadway Grosses* w/e 12/6/2015
Ken’s Shows CURRENTLY RUNNING
AllegianceDaddy Long Legs
Kinky Boots
Spring Awakening
That Bachelorette Show
The Bunny Hole
UPCOMING
Gettin' The Band Back Together
Somewhere in Time
The Great White Hope
Mass Appeal
ADVERTISE WITH US