https://www.africanprincess.com
African and Ethiopian brides seeking dating romance and marriage
.
Browse
| Take a Tour
| Log In | Search
| Tell
A Friend | Testimonials
| Newsletter
| Join Free Now
Join
For Free:
First Name
:
*
Family Name
:
*
I’m
a :
Woman Seeking Man
Man Seeking Woman
E-mail:(confidential)
*
Confirm
E-mail:
Password:(At
least 5 Characters)
*
Like to subscribe to our
monthly eZine?
Click submit, then check your email for how
to complete application. You will be registered at HeartofAsiaOnline.com
Testimonial Letters
Letters from members who have
found true love!   Add Yours
Foreign Brides Newsletter
Subscribe
to the Foreign Brides eZine
for free international dating, travel and
visa tips and news by email.
First Name :
*
Family Name :
*
You are a :
Woman Seeking Man
Man Seeking Woman
E-mail :
*
Dating Advice
Risk Free Guarantee
Questions on International dating?
Heart of Asia Romance Blog
International Datingis not Mail order Brides
our head matchmaker answers your questions on International dating and
romance
Heart of Asia Romance Network seen on CNN
Free to join:
Free to search
Free to view profiles
Free to Publish your profile
Free to Say Hi to all members
Free to Email premium members
Free to Chat w/ premium members
Free to Publish your Video Message
Fiancee Visa Help
Fiancee Visa eBook
Fiancee Visa Preparation
Fiancee Visa Answers
Fiancee Visa Forms
Serious international online dating
Member Login:
Partners not Players
AfricanPrincess.com is for Serious dating.
If you are looking for a serious dating service where you can meet sincere, marriage minded men and women, then you have come to the right place.
Here at AfricanPrincess.com our staff of concerned, human moderators work full time to “take out the trash”. We are always on the lookout for scammers and players, any kind of insincere person who would waste your time and affections. At the end of the day, AfricanPrincess.com is better than the rest, because our members are not messing around, they are sincere they hope to find quality partners for love and marriage.
Who do you want to meet?.
If you are seeking your partner, then lets get started, signup for your free membership today.
Since marriage is the goal for most of our members, and many members are from the USA, we have take great care to follow US immigration laws, and to help our members obtain Fiancee and Spousal visas.
AfricanPrincess.com obeys US Immigration Laws
We screen each member and strictly follow US immigration laws. You meet sincere singles. Your fiancee avoids problems with USCIS.
We are the ONLY international online dating service that meets US immigration  requirements.  Protect your future fiancee, meet her the legal way, meet her here.  We confirm to USCIS how and when each successful couple legally met and provide proof that their first meeting fully met ALL requirements of the IMBRA laws. Click for details on how we protect you by complying with the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA).
Webmaster Says Hi !
Ling Says Hi !
AfricanPrincess.com is for African, Black and interacial singles who seek marriage and sincere long distance
relationships. Not Mail order brides but marriage minded asian, african, american, latin,
european and worldwide singles who want to chat online or trade emails in a
safe, sincere, family values
oriented environment.  Unlike Yahoo Personals or other cold, heartless,
impersonal businesses, AfricanPrincess.com believes in family values, and expects an ethical
code of acceptable conduct by its members. A staff of concerned human beings
work 24/7 to keep the quality of interaction here high.
We hold AfricanPrincess.com
to a higher standard. Each profile, photo and video is reviewed and must be approved by
our dedicated human staff before it is displayed. We have zero tolerance for sex ads,
scammers, spammers or bulk mailers. Members can easily report any abuse.
We take immediate action to delete offenders.  If you are tired communicating with
time wasters, if you prefer to speak only with sincere motivated people who
seek romance, serious relationships and marriage, then join AfricanPrincess.com
now.
E-mail
:
Password :
Forgot Password
Online Dating News
Online dating hackers are getting their victims to install a custom sextortio... Online dating hackers are becoming much more sophisticated in the way they target and steal money victims' cash. Cybercriminals are now asking their "dates" to install a custom-made smartphone app that installs malware and allows them to extract details for blackmail purposes, Global Dating Insights reports. The hackers work on dating and social sites, often where people are more vulnerable ...
Online dating?s age wars: Inside Tinder and eHarmony?s fight for our love lives America's
Online Dating App Grindr Isn't Liable For Underage 'Threesome' You can't blame online dating services if you have sex with a minor
Online Dating Industry Leader PlentyOfFish Celebrates Record Growth With 100 ... PlentyOfFish, the world's largest online dating site, announces today it has reached a new milestone in surpassing 100 million users worldwide, while also doubling its revenue since 2013, putting the company's ...
About Us |
Contact Us |
Dating Safety |
Prices/Features |
Help |
Privacy Statement |
Terms of Use |
Affiliates |
HR3402 |
Our Sites |
Romance Tours |
Trade Links |
Resources  |
Rights of Immigrants |
Site Map |
Visas
Copyright1996-2009@ African Princess