https://www.afrodite-ringsted.dk
SIESecure
English
Español
Français
Cancel Subscription
FAQs
Retrieve Password/user
Customer Support
Customer Support
Complaints? Questions? Need Help? Contact us, we are at your disposal.
Retrieve Password/user
Recover your data easily and get access to all of our websites.
FAQ's
Do you have any question? Maybe it will be quickly resolved.
Cancel Subscription
Here you can cancel your subscription in an easy way.
Your bank statement
Have you found on your bank statement a credit card charge that you do not remember having done personally? Is SIESecure appearing in the reference of this charge?Please be careful: do not cancel this payment, call us before to identify the origin. Please note that any cancellation of a payment made by you could be a crime, do not order the annulment to your bank lightly.NEVER MAKE A CANCELLATION OF A PAYMENT DONE BY CREDIT CARD BEFORE IDENTIFY ITS ORIGIN, IT MAY BE ILLEGAL. WE ARE HERE TO HELP IN THOSE CASES, CONTACT US BEFORE ANYTHING. Contact
Are you a bank employee?
Has a client of your bank requested a cancellation of a payment done by credit card, in which reference is appearing SIESecure? Your customer has made a subscription to one of our services. Your client probably has not linked this payment with said subscription.
Please contact us via contact form or by phone and we will help you to identify the contracted service.
Please, do not advise your client to cancel the payment before contacting us: surely the payment is legitimate, it should not be reasonable to cancel it. The annulment could cause legal problems for your client. Contact
FRAUD
Our company automatically starts legal proceedings against any person carrying credit card fraud or cancelling payments - in an improperly way - made in any of our web sites. These facts can be classified as fraud and are subject to financial penalties and even imprisonment in some countries.
We may store your IP address when during the registration or billing process in order to help identify or prevent fraudulent or illegal activities. The IP addresses registered in fraudulent or improperly canceled payments are reported to the judicial authorities to identify the owner of the IP address and the Internet contract at the time they were done.
Terms & Conditions   ·    Private Policy    ·   This page uses 256bit encryption for your security and privacy