https://www.ageplaycumslut.com
Age Play Phone Sex Fantasy Roleplay with Cum Slut Rachel
Age Play Phone Sex with Cum Slut Rachel
I'm Rachel, a very naughty age play phone sex slut who can't wait to make all of your incest fantasies come to life!
I'm ready are you?
I’m that dirty teen girl next door that you've always wanted. You know, the one who leaves her shades open as she gets undressed at night and lets you see every inch of her naked young body. I know you always wonder if I do that on purpose, and the truth is I do. I want you to peek in my window as I play with myself at night and make your cock hard as you think about having me lying underneath you, my legs wrapped around your hips and your cock going in and out of my tight underage pussy!
I'm a total wild child at heart, and it all started when I was much younger. Since before I was even a teenager I’d notice older guys looking at me, and how my daddy’s friends would bring me little gifts when they came to visit if I flirted with them a bit. They really started to spoil me, especially after I would ask them to come over when my parents were out… then I’d do a lot more than flirting! They'd buy me really nice clothes and jewelry, and all I had to do was get down on my knees like a bad girl and give them a wet, sloppy blow job! Daddy’s friends taught me a lot, but I didn't just play with them. The boys at school, my girlfriends, my next-door neighbors, and even one of my teachers have had a taste of my sweet little cunny. I really know how to use my mouth, pussy and ass to tease and please just the way most men like it!
There is not one single incest phone sex fantasy that I won't talk about or role play out. We can talk about anything that gets your cock nice and hard. I have absolutely no limits and I'd love to be your naughty little cum slut and suck the cum right out of your cock making you shoot harder than you ever have before. Nothing makes me happier than hearing a guy blow his load as I suck and fuck him. Call me and tell me just what you want!
I am that young, naughty girl that makes all your incest fantasies come true.
So are you ready to get nasty and fucking dirty with me? I love cock and cum like it's desert and I’d love to tell you all the hot things that daddy’s friends have taught me. Oh, and daddy too of course… after he found out what he was doing he wanted a taste of his little girl too!
I remember bouncing on his lap naked and licking his cock like a lollipop making it super fat and hard. Daddy and I played together all the time after he found out what I was doing with his friends.
I used to love it the most when he would lick my sweet little girl juices and suck on my little clit.
I would love to bring your daddy phone sex fantasy to life during a hot underage, age play fantasy personalized just for you!
I want to slide your cock in my wet mouth and suck it so good and then slide it in my hot, juicy, tight young pussy. You can even finger my tight little ass if you'd like and get it ready for your big thick daddy dick too!
I’m always horny and ready to play, so give me a call and let me show you what a dirty little cock pleaser and cum slut I can really be. I’m waiting…
$2.00 / Minute - 10 Minute Minimum Applies
All Major Credit Cards accepted
1-877-253-1194
MY AVAILABILITY
Refresh Page for Accuracy
EMAIL ME
Taboo Phone Sex Operators