https://www.aguysite.com
aguysite blog
aguysite blog
Tuesday, November 15
magmozine.com . my newest blog!
attention aguysite.com blog readers... aguysite blog has officially ended its 1.4 year run. as of today, i will no longer maintain aguysite blog. it's over. done. finished.why you ask? because aguysite blog has changed into something brand new. something brighter. a bit more professional with a touch of pornographic class. i welcome you [18 years of age and older] and your faghag to the newest edition of blogs created by the webmaster of aguysite.com.[drum roll...] Magmozine.com! [tah fucking dahhhh!]if you are an avid reader slash viewer of aguysite blog, i encourage you to change your bookmarks and/or links from aguysite blog to magmozine.com. do it now. stop reading for a second and fix the link. come back here when you've finished...okay. for those curious as to what will happen to aguysite blog, this blog will remain online for six months from today to serve as an archive for those seeking previous posts of my work. every now and then you'll see "new vintage" on magmozine.com, these are re-posts of material featured on this blog.my email of aguysiteblog at hotmail dot com is also now no longer working. if you need to contact me, head on over to magmozine.com for my new email. if your blog and/or website is featured on magmozine.com, then i enjoy the work you do. if you are not featured, most cases is i have yet to discover your work and you should drop me a line with a link to your blog/website.for those of interst, aguysite blog ended its run with 448,616 hits. i'm proud of that number. while some get this amount in a day, new bloggers such as myself enjoy numbers such as these. as i always say to those interested in started a blog, there's an audience out there for your work. finally, if you have a blog and would like to help promote magmozine.com, please go right ahead and help me promote. a shout out. a text link. a write up. a review. a picture link- if you like magmozine.com, then help promote. thank you everyone for sticking me for so long. i look forward to another great year with you guys. and that about wraps up my work here at aguysite blog. i look foward to seeing you all over at Magmozine.com! the backdoor is widddeee open for you!
posted by aguysite at 12:08 PM
28 comments
Sunday, November 13
dishabille . malodorous beef
posted by aguysite at 11:36 AM
15 comments
Friday, November 11
learn 2 lust . the bud light cowboy
posted by aguysite at 2:27 AM
5 comments
Thursday, November 10
magmozine . debuts 11.15.05
posted by aguysite at 11:53 PM
10 comments
Wednesday, November 9
foto . raw
posted by aguysite at 11:31 AM
10 comments
Tuesday, November 8
blogmaster . back 2 work
well my disneyish vacation is officially over. today i plan on unpacking and getting everything "fixed" offline. many of you guys know how it is... you leave your problems at home waiting for you and they didn't go fucking anywhere until you fix them. once all that is done, i'll return to posting later today. in the coming weeks of november i've got many debuts for my 3 websites. look for a week long feature of disney dads & disney hunks as well as the debut of magmozine on 11.15.05. you can also expect the debut of the november/december edition of aguysite.com in the coming weeks as well as my first interview for guytvblog.com. thanks for visiting aguysite blog daily while i was gone, my daily numbers never dropped but finally reached over the 4,000 hits a day. wow! thank you for your continued support and interest in my work. all three of my websites are here because of you. ;o) thank you!
posted by aguysite at 10:40 AM
10 comments
Monday, October 31
happy halloween!
posted by aguysite at 12:00 AM
4 comments
Sunday, October 30
blogmaster . vacation today - nov. 7th
and so it starts. my first vacation away from my websites + blogs! for those unaware, this blogmaster is going to florida for some mickey + goofy universal beach gangbangs. during my absence, aguysite.com, aguysite blog & guytvblog.com will be silent with little to most likely no updates until i return nov. 7th. yes i know there are computers in florida but i'm on vacation damn it. it's been over a year now since i started this blog and guytvblog.com... so i think it's a great time to take a break. i mean it's halloween eve and halloween and i want to spend the gayest holiday in florida. the next couple of posts will showcase images that represent an entire month of aguysite blog posts. it's a fun way for many of you newbies to enjoy what i do daily. plus there are now over 85 blogs on the right sidebar for you to enjoy. any comments should be left within this post so i can comment back and/or email you guys. that is if anyone cares i'm on vacation and have stopped blogging until nov. 7th. until i return back to work...
posted by aguysite at 1:47 AM
5 comments
Saturday, October 29
foto . super stupefaction
posted by aguysite at 1:28 AM
7 comments
Friday, October 28
audio . ladytron.destroy everything
posted by aguysite at 5:38 PM
5 comments
Thursday, October 27
the talent . matt ratliff
posted by aguysite at 12:45 PM
18 comments
Wednesday, October 26
hard sell . mason & kyle
posted by aguysite at 8:45 PM
10 comments
About Me
Name:aguysite
Location:dallas, texas, United States
i design a popular website created for guys who are into guys. aguysite.com!
View my complete profile
When I'm on a date, I hope he's into...
goverment and politics
kinky bedroom antics
neverending romance
an open relationship
monogamy
women as well
pop culture and tv
View Results
aguysite.com
guytvblog.com
fresh n tasty
lee andrew's adventures
in puris naturalibus
the pretty boys club
beautiful egonrobyannn
istanbul casual
philly duo
guys from the street
monotonous
homo artography
bill in exile
hood2big
electro plankton
rico suave online
brooklyn boy blues
matty k
cisoto fotos
digital +ph
shades of gray
big brandon
inalife
boys for breakfast
kevzin's room
psychopalaestra
joe. my. god.
the daily drool
geekslut
malafronte
20 sum
thomasco
dude pecs
philly america
vivid blurry
gc spotlight mag
italo's words
bratboy
blueberry pie
urinal thoughts
andrew's moblog
some guy's butt
muscleboy in training
brothalove
bedtime stories
pink is the new blog
rod 2.0
tottyworld
sex + the 2nd city
ajax in the city
towleroad
oh la la paris
arjan writes
narcissim 101
chris glass
water colour boy
lady bunny blog
tony hayden
joanir fotolog
made in brazil
gay fleshbot
thought not
ny city boys
jacob slader
large tony
lucas' blog
richard's risky blog
story of jay + kay
moscow in paris
trunk guy
bj land
guy dads
the peculiar one
big fat hairy living
finbarr massi
justa manin love
hunk du jour
robocub
joel's mode
harmoinc sunbeam
and now, jose?
perez hilton
most proper
randomly roaming
patrick devon
renas e veados
sodomy creek
guy guide
str8 fleshbot
the introduction
tom bianchi . the interview
wim heldens . the interview
mr. hoist . the interview
webmasters
aguysite.com
ohlalaguys
sac free
bent magazine
bear jewellery
a bear's life magazine
360 presents
cumm uk forum
finbarr massi
glen mitchell
hook online
dudes nude
ultra massage
beefy boyz
tom jones
norman sinanian
norm yip
iconique
curry mendes
destined collection
homovizion
toolman
clone a willy
boy butter
1st post . aguysite.com explains
educate yourself . my blog
educate yourself . my blog 2
magmozine . a bear's life
faddism runway
blogmaster . 100,005
pintura . ross watson
the gentleman or the guy?
mv + audio . the rock edition
new vintage . the room planner
blogmaster . i'm 14% nerd
magmozine . fab covers
dgeyrald & taneo
the gift of love . fashion shows
fotolog . joanir
art of love . tasteful erotica
previous posts
magmozine.com . my newest blog!
dishabille . malodorous beef
learn 2 lust . the bud light cowboy
magmozine . debuts 11.15.05
foto . raw
blogmaster . back 2 work
happy halloween!
blogmaster . vacation today - nov. 7th
foto . super stupefaction
audio . ladytron.destroy everything
previous featured blogs
monthly archives
July 2004
September 2004
October 2004
November 2004
December 2004
January 2005
February 2005
March 2005
April 2005
May 2005
June 2005
July 2005
August 2005
September 2005
October 2005
November 2005