https://www.aheartbeatlater.blogspot.com
A heartbeat later...
A heartbeat later...
The past, the present, what future awaits?
Friday, December 15, 2006
I'm dreaming of a White Christmas
It is now only 9 more days until we fly out of Australia on the trip of a lifetime. For me, it is a lifetime that I have waited to take this trip and the reality of it actually happening sometimes blows my mind.Ever since I was young, I remember hearing stories of my Dad's life in England and seeing all the photos of my parents on their travels of Europe. I've always known I would go, I just never knew when.For me, seeing all the places and sights in Europe that I have dreamt of for so long is really a dream come true, but what makes it all that more special is that I will be sharing these sights, these experiences and these memories with my best friend, my husband, Ben.On Christmas Eve, we fly out of Tullamarine on a direct course for Heathrow. 24 hours later, 5am Christmas Morning, we arrive in London for my first white Christmas.From London we join our tour and head to France. Spending New Years Eve in Paris, watching the Eiffel tower, will be a far cry from our normal nye at Falls Festival in Lorne. An experience that I am sure will be with me forever.Over the following 4 and a half weeks, we trek our way through Spain, Monaco, Italy, Vatican City, Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein, Switzerland, Holland and Belgium, staying in many different cities in each country. I still have to pinch myself to believe that it is really about to happen.I belive that to really find yourself, you need to first lose yourself. One of the best ways to do that is away from friends and family, out of your comfort zone and become an unknown entity in an unknown place. This is what I can't wait to do. I have waited a long time now and before I can properly "settle" in life, this is an experience that I know I must have.This is my final blog for the year, so I wish you all a safe and happy Christmas and may the New Year bring you exciting times ahead.Love, Deborah
posted by debs @ 7:38 pm
8 comments
Friday, November 17, 2006
cross species relationships?
You know that glade plug-in add? The one with that Elephant talking about keeping the house smelling nice after picking up hundreds of running shoes?Surely you recall the original saying.. "One of the perils of being married to a centipede, i suppose"
Remember that?Well, if you remember that, then surely you would have noticed that for some bizarre reason, they have gone to the bother of rerecording the add, to now say, "One of the perils of being MOTHER to a centipede, i suppose" WTF?I must know the reason they changed it. Ive thrown around all sorts of conspiracy theorys but none that truely answers my question... why?It plagues me each time the add comes on. Please answer my plea. WHY? WHY? WHY?
posted by debs @ 3:32 pm
4 comments
Saturday, November 11, 2006
Mushroom Cloud
This is a bit of strange post, because I'm not sure exactly how I'm going to write it. So lets see how it turns out, hey?This story begins back in 1998 on the 14th of November, almost exactly 8 years ago. It was on this date that myself, Susanne and prehaps a few others (my memory gets cloudy around this time) attend the Mushroom Records "Concert of the Century" at the MCG. Despite the amusing antics that occured on that day, including the inside bladder of a cask of wine being discovered in my rolled up sleeping bag in front of a rather long queue of punters; Claudia (who i've now remembered as being there), pashing some random feral guy in the middle of the stands surrounded by inoccent, young bystanders who couldnt escape the almost orgy and the infamous scouraging through a massive wheelie bin, tipping out the entire contents, finding our wine bag and running away before security discovered the mess; there is one incident that I've always remembered and have talked about for years since that is the motivation for this post.Being a rather huge Home and Away fan, I was completely star struck, when there, right in front of me, outside of the G was Rebecca Fisher/Nash herself, aka, Miss Belinda Emmett! What to do? What to say? I was in awe. She was even prettier in real life.Summoning up all my courage, I called out, "Hi Belinda!" I remember she turned to look at me, greased me off without saying a word and then turned away!I still remember the first thought that entered my head. "What a bitch! I hope her tits rot off and she dies!"A little harsh? Yes, but the freakiest thing that happened after that was not long after, discovering that she had been diagnosed with Breast Cancer. eeep.Over the years I remember following her battle and then when she married Rove McManus. I thought all was fine. Until I heard that this morning, on the 11th November, she died.It turns out that in 2001, while working on "All Saints" she was diagnosed with secondary bone cancer and has been fighting it ever since. Today, that fight ended.I guess that today my list of Top Ten Most Hated Celebrities becomes 9 and I begin to think to myself... be careful what you wish for. (source)
posted by debs @ 3:54 pm
7 comments
Tuesday, October 03, 2006
Congratulations Jeni!
My brother-in-law's fabulous fiance has just gotten a job at my work!!Its all very exciting and the staff even know now of the connection and they think it's great!Next year at work is going to be a hell of a lot of fun!YAY!!!!
posted by debs @ 3:16 pm
6 comments
Thursday, September 14, 2006
Glamour Puss
This is a portrait of me drawn by my extremely talented brother-in-law.I had to put it up because the miniture version as my profile picture just doesnt do the picture justice.
posted by debs @ 4:30 pm
6 comments
Wednesday, September 06, 2006
Memememememememe ?
1. Three things that scare me:-Being alone for long periods of time.-Spiders.-B-grade Horror movies with that cliffhangery music.2. Three people that make me laugh:only three... awww, ok then-Dylan Moran.-Bill Hicks.-Myself. Im the funniest person I know aside from the 2 above mentioned people.3. Three things I hate the most:- Arrogant fucks. Those people who think that their shit don't stink.- Being cut off and driving behind people going well under the speed limit when there is no where to pass.- People who are skinny and complain about being fat.4. Three things I don't understand:- Polititians- Why fat tastes so good but celery is crap- Why this thing is called a meme5. Three things I'm doing right now:- Watching kids during wet day timetable- Drinking a mug of freezing cold english breakfast tea- Feeling shitty that im not supposed to be on yard duty now but because of the rain i have to watch my classand.... typing this thing. duh6. Three things I want to do before I die:- Explore as much of the world as I can- Have children- Get skinny7. Three things I can do:- Play the piano and various other musical things- Teach children- Paint8. Three ways to describe my personality:- Up- Down- All around9. Three things I can't do:- Remember band names, song names, movie names, people in movies and pretty much anything that requires taking up space in my brain.- Because of this... I also can't contribute to some conversations as well as i know i can, because i cant remember the names of things to back up my point.- and for something random...I can't change a head gasket. Can you?10. Three things I think you should listen to:- Panic! At the Disco- Build God, Then We'll Talk (track 13 on A Fever you Can't Sweat Out)- Anthing by the Fun Lovin Criminals- Bloodhound Gang11. Three things you should never listen to:- Anyone who calls you fat (is there a recurring theme amongst my answers? Oh hell, just shoot me now)- Celine Dion- John Howard12. Three things I'd like to learn: (or learn more about)- How to dance better (am taking hiphop lessons currently)- Anything involving specific early years education- The proper timing of when to put everything on to make a roast where everything is done at the same fucking time!13. Three favourite foods:- Pizza- Olives- Cheese platters with salami and yummy dips and cucumber and sundried tomatos etc14. Three beverages I drink regularly:- Tea (English Breakfast)- Tea (Green- both iced and hot)- Wine (sparkling and non)15. Three shows I watched as a kid:- Press GangMan i loved that show. Anyone remember Lynda and Spike? The Junior Gazette?ahh, memories- Pinky and the Brain"What are we going to do tonight""The same thing we do everynight Pinky... try, to take over the world!"- Heartbreak High. hehePretty much anything on the abc i'd watch.
posted by debs @ 10:51 am
4 comments
Tuesday, September 05, 2006
Fuck George
Ok, monday is over... and what a truely tragic day it turned out to be as well. An aussie icon, gone for the ages. Kinda makes you question your own mortality doesnt it?There are worse terrors out there than stingrays though.. eg. GeorgeIf youd like a bit of a laugh, here is the link to the most popular screensaver in America at the moment.You can manipulate him with ur mouse as well.Interactive good.http://www.planetdan.net/pics/misc/georgie.htmEnjoy and stay safe
posted by debs @ 3:25 pm
2 comments
Monday, September 04, 2006
Monday, Fucking Monday
I hate Monday, Fucking Monday.On Mondays i always accidently sleep in and then im late. The clothes have usually all been washed but arnt hanging up so I have to scour (sp?) the pool table to find something to wear and its never there. Extra late.Why does my petrol always run out on a Monday. Is it coz I always fill it up on the same day... Fucking Monday?No specialists on a Monday, Fucking Monday. This means I have not a single break from the kids all day.Lunch time yard duty on a Monday, Fucking Monday. Well, hello kiddies, goodbye eating lunch. Fucking monday.I have to change readers on a monday, always the most amount of readers for the whole week, Fucking Monday.And on Monday i have to see the grad again who ive had a nice break from and i see his pointy face and stupid nose and rediculous curly girl hair and it make me want to throw up. Did I mention that he is also annoying and unprofessional and immature and I dont like him? Yes, its not just the pysical attributes so you can get down off your high horse.Monday, Fucking Monday. Im the furthest point from next weekend and it sux.
posted by debs @ 3:17 pm
7 comments
Monday, July 10, 2006
blog da bitch
Yes, yes. I know that I have not posted in like, forever, and I also know that no one will actually end up reading this, but perhaps that's how I like it for now. I've actually found that what I originally started this blog for, changing, due to people reading. I think I found myself writing more towards an audience (be it a very small audience, but an audience none-the-less) instead of just writing for myself. A way of catalouging my feelings, adventures, mis-adventures, trials and tribulations.So, what on earth have I been up to? Meh, who cares really.School (work) has been going well. I find myself a rather large influence in my workplace, probably because we have a fairly small staff as it is, but also because as my confidence in my abilities has increased, I have found myself adding alot more to conversations and decisions. I'm also mentoring a graduate this year (I know, seems rediculous considering i've only got a years experience on him) so i'm having to be pretty reflective and constructive which is probably enhancing my own practice. *shrugs*The grad is getting on my nerves a bit. Whilst he is just over a month older than me, he is really immature.
He works full time, has no girlfriend, still lives at home with his mum, only talks about his precious car and suggested taking his friends to the airport to run around playing tiggy to see how long they can do it before a security guard stops them in celebration of his 24th birthday. I was like, "how ma-ture bradley" (quote from this funny little show that used to be on the ABC). Just about every time he speaks i feel like rolling my eyes. This is making me a feel a bit snobbish coz he's a nice guy, don't get me wrong, but I guess I just don't respect him as a professional. I also don't think he'd fit into my group of friends, so that puts him a bit on the outer with me.What is weird is that he actually has a very similar personality to me. He often says little quotes or jokes that i swear could have just come out of my mouth. But no, he had to say it. He's also the type of person that I might say something funny to, and then a few moments later I hear him repeating that same thing to someone else, as though he thought of it! How rude.Perhaps I should change the title from A heartbeat later...
to, A bitch later...
haha.Ben and I had our one year wedding anniversary over the school holidays. We had a debaucherous weekend in the city, staying at the Rendevous Hotel just opposite Flinders St Station. It was great. Its been so long that we've been out on the town, just the 2 of us and both able to drink! We spent soooo much money in alcohol that night. haha, but it was worth it.We checked out the casino for a bit, but after losing $20 in coinage, we decided that money would be better spent on alcohol.. oh, and pizza.Sigh, talking about pizza makes me remember that Im on a diet again. Ben and I are doing it together this time so its easier than preparing 2 seperate meals and stuff, but it is still difficult.I generally really good during the week. I cook low-fat meals in small portions and we dont snack or anything. I think its just our weekends that is pushing it over the edge. It must be something, coz playing tennis once a week and doing a hip hop dance lesson once a week just isnt cutting it.Well, im pretty tired of writing for now. Have I mentioned that I'm a bridesmaid (matron of honour, seeing as im married) in my brother-in-law's (Paul's) wedding? Man, it is going to be so much fun, i cant wait!Okies, I wont get started on all that for now.You didnt read this. Good
posted by debs @ 9:32 pm
14 comments
Tuesday, March 14, 2006
Still Alive
It has been a rather long time since I have had either the time or inclination to sit down and write a proper blog. I have considered it at times, but I didnt really have anything much to write about.The first school term (although it was a short one) has come to an end. My new class of preps have settled in really well and I am throughly enjoying them as a grade.Its great still seeing all my kids from last year around the place. Quite different from having only been one grade's teacher last year, to this year, having a new class plus children from last year in 2 different classes. Its like my wings are spread over 3 classes instead of one. Ok, that sounds really weird but perhaps any teachers out there might understand.The weeks are slipping by quite quickly and the weekends even more so. They tend to do that when you have plans for something like 5-6 weekends in a row.I had my dad's 60th B'day Party at my place. All the relatives came around which was quite daunting. For some reason you have this innate desire to impress them (although, who really cares?). So, of course, the house was cleaned to within an each of its life and we found ourselves with a new $400 BBQ for some reason. Yes, im sure a measure of ones sucess is the size and shinyness of ones bbq. We can't have them thinking we cook our meat on a sub-par hand-me-down, now can we?After that weekend was over, and I was thanking the lord that the next one won't have to be for another 10 years when dad is 70, we had a variety of B'day parties and Housewarmings to attend. At least 1-2 per weekend in fact. AiyiyiWhat has been getting me through this tyriad of engagements and popularity you ask? Well, it is the overseas trip that we are planning for the end of the year.For about 5 and a half weeks (pretty much the whole summer holidays coz thats all i can have), Ben and I are going to be jetsetting around Europe. It has been my lifelong ambition and its come to the point where we either do it now, while we're still young, or pretty much wait until we're retired and our kids have all moved out of home. I choose, NOW!So, new kitchen and bathroom have been put on hold for another year, and Europe awaits.Our plans thus far are to go over just before xmas. Spend a white christmas in England and then do the UK on our own for a bit, checking out all the major sights, that kinda thing.We are then planning on doing a 24 day Contiki Tour which visits 11 different countries around Europe, including France, Monaco, Spain, Italy, Vatican City, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Netherlands and Belgium. It is going to be the most amazing journey of our lives and it is the thought of that, that is keeping me going this year.i have become a geography nut ever since deciding we were going to go. I cant stop looking at all the countries and reading up all the history on them. My lonely planets guide to Europe is my favourite book at the moment. I just can't get enough!!!Until then, we will be working hard, saving hard and hopefully the year will just melt by and I will be on my way! Just thinking about it now gives me tingles.These school holidays, Ben and I are going to Phillip Island for a bit under a week in celebration of our 4 year anniversary. It feels like a hell of a lot longer than that, considering we've been living together for almost all that time and we now have a wedding anniversary to celebrate, but 4 years since the first time i kissed my georgous husband is worth celebrating... with lots of kissing! ewww heheAm about to go "running" with my brother-in-laws gf in a minute and considering im supposed to be there in about 10 mins and I'm still in my pj's does pose a slight problem.Gotta dash.Love and kissesxxx
posted by debs @ 9:56 am
8 comments
About Me
Name:
debs
Location:
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
Described by many as 'wise beyond her years' yet still clinging to scraps of childhood. For it is the child within that shall keep her sane.
View my complete profile
Links
Everything looks bad if you remember it
The Day it Rained Hammers
Better than Cheesecake
Pink is the New Blog
We Do Chew Our Food
Here Comes Super!
It's Too Hot Today
Meow
Tired but Generally Willing
Previous Posts
I'm dreaming of a White Christmas
cross species relationships?
Mushroom Cloud
Congratulations Jeni!
Glamour Puss
Memememememememe ?
Fuck George
Monday, Fucking Monday
blog da bitch
Still Alive
Archives
October 2005
November 2005
December 2005
January 2006
March 2006
July 2006
September 2006
October 2006
November 2006
December 2006