https://www.aillette.co.uk
Escort Agency London | London Playmates
High Class London Escorts7 Days a Week10am – 1amFreephone:0800 599 9606Int: +44 7519 632 771 UK: 07519 632 771
0 Items
Home
Escorts
Book A Girl
Employment
Contact Us
Select Page
Featured Escorts
Ella
Scarlett-English Rose
Anna
Dasha
Charlie
Foxy-Love
Jasmine
Cara
Elizabeth-English Beauty
Melrose
Welcome to London Playmates
London Playmates is one of the top London escort agencies that provide an incall and outcall service to fulfil your needs.
Please read more below about London Playmates, alternatively why not give us a call on 0800 599 9606. Our team will be happy to talk more about the Escorts and services that we provide.
About London Playmates Escort Services
Staying in one place with the same type of people can make life boring, and that is why we are there as London escorts to ensure you access great opportunity where you will enjoy great enjoyment with charming ladies by your side. The chicks we have are exclusive to London Playmates Escort Agency and with every attribute our women have, use them to your advantage to provide a thrilling and tempting experience. Knowing our escorts, we can confidently say they all have a lot of experience on how to handle different gentlemen. If you want a chatty bubbly busty lady, we have an escort suitable.
When you call our escort agency, you can describe a lady from your imagination who will best suit your desires. Within a matter of minutes we will do the searching for you. Alternatively, many of our clients enjoy using our search program and talk to us about what they want.
At London Playmates, we believe exclusivity is important to our clientèle. Our Playmate escorts are professional and sexy and if you want more time with the escort service, they will ensure your pleasure is fulfilled as an additional service cost.
Do you know what type of Sexy playmate you like?
Our agency is one of the most respectful London escorts agency.
We guarantee you the following:
• 100% Genuine photos of all lovely and stunning London escorts
• Girls that enjoy working as escorts
• Discretion and honesty to all clients
• Elite escort girls who have a no rush attitude
• Girls that will respect you and provide a professional service
• Girls have all been vetted
• The Escort Service for London is available to you from 10AM till 1AM, 7 days a week.
Companionship Women
You maybe looking for a lady with great personality who gives you the dating experience or a step up to a girlfriend experience, taking her out to dinner and experience the life of a girlfriend can be a very rewarding and exhilarating experience, which our escort service can deliver as it get more intense for you.
Sexy Chicks
You maybe looking for a lady with great sense of humour who will make you relax your body and mind while experiencing different pleasures that you have never experienced before.
Busty Playful Babes
You may like playful and curious playmates babes who lead you on and tease you. London Playmates can be playful as and when you want.
Devilish Angels
If you are looking for a dark and mysterious playmate to can take you to another level, our escorts can provide a service that meets your desires.
The following are reasons why you should contact us for sexy playmates in London:
Experience
London Playmate escorts are to serve you the experience of a lifetime. There are different experiences you can achieve from our escort service which we can cater for. Whether it is a plus one or an intimate session.
Excitement
Because our women are stunningly beautiful, it can be hard not to want them, From their experiences and nature, they will tap into your nature and needs and ensure every minute of your time together is an exciting and long lasting achievement.
Ultimate Pleasure
An escort service is about what pleasure you want to have fulfilled. IT should be one that can be expressed and suited to you. London Escort agency provide an incall and outcall service so your pleasure is purposeful and pleasurable in a comfortable and discreet way so you can have the experience of your lifetime.
Suggested Outcall Locations
• Dinner
• Parties
• Important events
• Weekend business travel
• Long business travel
• International business travel
Playmates for unique women and for achieving new adventures
London Playmates Escort Agency proudly caters for diversity and origin. If you have never had an experience with a escort with native or ethnic origins, we can arrange a sexy, admirable escort for your needs. No matter what specification you have Playmates of London are an official agency for all men and women looking for sexy women for a comfortable pleasurable time.
So why not give us a ring on 0800 599 9606, our beautiful selection of London escorts are awaiting your phone call
TAXI FARE POLICY
The outcall rates listed on the website include the escort’s travelling time but NOT the taxi fares. We will ask for Taxi fare at time of booking, please do not be offended as Taxi’s cost.
We cover Central London area and hotels at Heathrow and Gatwick. Airport bookings must be minimum 2 hours plus taxi fare of £120 (Heathrow) and £150 (Gatwick). For longer bookings, our escorts may travel outside of London at your expense. Some of our escorts in London accept bookings from overseas and would love to accompany you wherever you are going. We require a deposit of the agreed escort fee payable in advance and travel costs for the escort are to be paid upfront.
DUO BOOKING POLICY
IN CALL OR OUT CALL RATES.
If you make a duo booking and both escorts share a flat then both are paid the in call rate.
If you make a duo booking and one of the escorts has to move to another escort’s flat, then the escort travelling will be paid the out call rate.
Search for:
Hair ColourBlack Hair Escorts
Blonde Escorts
Brown Hair Escorts
Brunette Escorts
Chestnut Hair Escorts
Dark Blonde Escorts
Light Brown Hair Escorts
Enjoys69
+A-level (extra £100)
Adult Baby Minding
Anal Play
BDSM
Blindfolds
Body to Body Massage
CBT
CIF
CIM
COB
COF
Couples-(extra £100)
Cross Dressing
DATY
Deep Throat
Dirty Talk
DFK
Domination
Dogging
Duo’s
Erotic Massage
Face sitting
Facials
Feet Fetish
Females
Fetish
Filming & photos with mask extra £100
Fisting-giving only
French Kissing
GFE
Lap Dance
Latex
Light Domination
Massage
Outfits
OWO
Party
Poppers
Prostrate Massage
PSE
PVC
Rimming-receive only
Roleplay
Rubber
School Girl
Secretary
Sensual Massage
Smoking Fetish
Spanking
Strap-on
Strip Tease
Submissive (extra)
Tantric Massage
Tie & Tease
Toys
Uniforms
Verbal Humiliation
Watersports
Whips
LocationBayswater
Chelsea
Earls Court
Edgware Road
Euston Station
Gloucester Road
High Street Kensington
Hyde Park Corner
Kensington
Kings Cross
Marylebone
Notting Hill Gate
Paddington
Queensway
South Kensington
West Kensington
NationalityBrazilian
Bulgarian
Croatian
Eastern European
English
French
German
Hungarian
Italian
Moldavia
Russian
Serbia
Spanish
Turkish
Twitter
London Playmates © 2016 |
Terms & Conditions -
Sitemap - Links