https://www.akashikjourneys.blogspot.com
Akashik Journeys Of Akasha
Akashik Journeys Of Akasha
Sunday, October 15, 2006
NEW DAY 2 DAY was and ok day peoples. No headaches. The 2 lil ones doin they thang and playing with the toy box instead of the toys as usual.Kyle think he is a stunt man.Fall Guy lol.Nothing New here In texas but cooler weather just a tad bit
posted by Akasha at 4:36 PM
0 comments
Tuesday, February 21, 2006
Ms Leela James couldn’t have said it better her self “U not gone take away my joy, my peace, my strength” Well 2 day I was listening to her song “Im’ not gone keep on Mistreating me” and
my soul felt lighter my mind and the tension in my body went away.
posted by Akasha at 4:03 PM
0 comments
Saturday, February 04, 2006
WOMAN 2 WOMAN EncouragementSomeone will always be smarter.Their house will be bigger.They will drive a better car.Their children will do better in school.And their partners will fix more things around the house.So let it go and love you and your circumstances.Think about it. The prettiest woman in the world can have hell in herheart.And the most highly favored woman on your job may be unable to havechildren.The richest woman you know - she's got the car, the house, theclothes - might be heartbreakingly lonely.So, love you.Love who you are right now.Tell yourself, "I am too blessed to be stressed."Be blessed ladies and pass this on to encourage another woman."To the world you might be one person, but to one person you justmight be the world."Send this to wonderful strong women you know. I did.Possibilities and miracles are one and the same.-Anonymous
posted by Akasha at 7:46 PM
0 comments
Friday, January 20, 2006
Lawd look at my lil rollie pollie lookin like he got locked up wit Akon lol "someone please get me out of here"
posted by Akasha at 10:03 AM
0 comments
Saturday, January 14, 2006
LES C its saturday been hummin Im IN LOVE WITH A STRIPPER alll daym dayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy daym.SOmeone had 2 make it all dem bois who luv da scrippa clubs n thangs
posted by Akasha at 7:16 PM
0 comments
Thursday, January 05, 2006
Now how a person still gonna denie stuff and u done went and sat beside his car outside the place he say he aint been too boi i tell ya Aint nuthin goin
on was just drinkin a beer u makin a big deal out of nuthin aint that a bitch all i could do was laugh yall.I had to show up just to let him know i knew where he was.then he had 2 get the nerve to get mad cuz someone was watching him.What ya gettin mad for boo if u would have been a man about it and told me u wanted to move on instead of tryin to play games wit me it wouldve been aight.but nooo u want ya cake and eat it oo now u lookin like a daym fool. Cuz u thought u was gettin over on ya wife like u said baby boi IT AINT NO BIG DEAL.What it is you dont want no one in yo cookie jar but u dippin yo stik in other ponds sweetie it dont work that way.I aint triin to die with aids or get a std cuz u wanna play the feild and still b married or play house when u want too.U told ya hoe,mistress wut eva u wanna call her yo homegirl that we just living together for the kids well hell u got hat u wanted didnt u SWEETHEART?
posted by Akasha at 2:41 PM
2 comments
Friday, December 23, 2005
Well here I am again just going to be me,yungest and oldest here at home 4 xmas.Its goin to be bitter sweet.Im going to enjoy the 3 days my 2 yr old is with her dad in ft worth nice n quiet no tantrums being thrown.On the other hand knowing what I know now asking myself WHY THE HELL I GET MARRIED 2 this so called man.Boi i tell ya he talked a good ass game HA and at the time i was suffering a loss n famly and here go my buddy deciding to come over and check up on me.wasnt that sweet hes a good con.Why some men get married beg u to get married even then fuck off is beyond me.So Im going to enjoy my son being here with me alive.Just 2 months ago I almost lost him and i thought i was going to die with him.Nothing else mattered.All cpr instructions went out the window.U would think when its your own loved one u would remember every life saving step but u dont.U panic Cant think.......if it was anyone else i would have been calm and did what i had 2 do.I mean i have delivered someones baby,held a bleeding child in my arms keeping my hand on the injured site until ems got there and here was my son limp gasping for air and all i could say was"PLEASE HURRY AND GET HERE PLEASE HURRRY!!!!!!!!!!!!"I hope to not have 2 go thru that ever again in my life or theirs.
posted by Akasha at 6:07 AM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
Akasha
Location:
Austin, Texas, United States
wiccan,mommy,wife,friend
View my complete profile
Previous Posts
NEW DAY 2 DAY was and ok day peoples. No headaches...
Ms Leela James couldn’t have said it better her se...
WOMAN 2 WOMAN
Encouragement
Someone will alway...
Lawd look at my lil rollie pollie lookin like he ...
LES C its saturday been hummin Im IN LOVE WITH A S...
Now how a person still gonna denie stuff and u don...
Well here I am again just going to be me,yungest ...
DEC 8th 2005
SHUT THE FUK UP N STOPP LIING
var pagina= document.location.href;
va...
Archives
January 2005
March 2005
April 2005
May 2005
June 2005
September 2005
December 2005
January 2006
February 2006
October 2006