https://www.akronsub.tumblr.com
Akron Sub
Home
Ask me anything
Submit
Archive
Mobile
RSS
Akron Sub
Photo
September 03, 2015
889 notes
That arm… that face… that smile… *swoon*.(Source: teensbodybuilding)
Tags: muscle cute
Photo
September 03, 2015
905 notes
Standing next to him as he looks down and appraises me, I’d feel so small and fragile. With muscles like that, he knows he wouldn’t even break a sweat picking me up, manhandling me, making me do whatever he wants. The perfect arrangement for a muscle alpha and his boy.(Source: muscleorlando, via muscleteen)
Tags: muscle
Photo
September 03, 2015
636 notes
Yeah… he caught you staring. It was hard not to, with the way his tight shirt was stretched across those huge muscles. And judging by that expression, he has the perfect idea of how to make you pay.(Source: dudes-on-demand, via pussyboyfaggot)
Tags: muscle
Photoset
September 02, 2015
12,208 notes
I just want to lick up every drop…(Source: colorslashmotion)
Tags: big cock
Photo
September 02, 2015
671 notes
I wish I could experience worshiping a man like this… body thick with muscles, oozing with masculinity, strong enough to take what he wants.(Source: cocksuckercaleb, via pussyboicumdump)
Tags: muscle
Photo
September 01, 2015
81 notes
“Is this what you like? The body of a muscle alpha? Yeah, that’s what I thought. I saw you staring… drooling over the idea of giving me the worship I deserve… imagining what’s just a little lower, hidden behind this towel. Well here’s the deal - I’ll show you, but if I do you belong to me from now on. Your pretty face… that tight hole… all mine. Is that what you want? Yeah? I thought so.”
Tags: muscle
Photo
September 01, 2015
184 notes
One of my unreasonable fantasies is to be a locker room boy - confined to a bench and made to service a team of muscle jock alphas. Sucking dick, getting fucked, and also eating out their sweaty jock asses… used for their pleasure.(Source: cashfagscanwatchme, via pussyboyfaggot)
Text
August 29, 2015
300 notes
Mini Game: Come Over Tonight
temptingdominance:
It has been a long day. I am on way home. I have been
thinking about you all day. I get hard just at the thought of your body. I’ve sent you a
text. I want you to come over. I want a nice long session with you tonight. I
am going to make dinner for you. You are going to stay the night. You will
sleep comfortably in my arms. But, we simply don’t have time for everything, so
I am going to let you pick.
Option A: Soft and Sweet
Curl Up on the couch
with me after dinner. There will be lots of making out with my fingers teasing
your soft hole and touching your body. You will spend a very long time running
your tongue all over my body. How many moans can you work out of my body?
Sucking. Kissing. Rimming. Worshiping. Boy will be fucked slowly in bed later
in the missionary position as I edge his boy dick. We will work towards cumming
at the same time. You will clean up both of our messes. Then we will slide into
the bath tub together.
Option B: Rough and Wild
Boy will strip down to
a jock after dinner. Bent against the wall as my tongue slides into his hole.
After your boy dick starts to drip, I will pull you over knee and spank that
ass with my hand until it starts to glow. With a quick locking of a collar and
leash, you will find yourself on all fours and fucked like a puppy in heat. I
will shoot all over your face and feed you my cum. Boy will shower with me.
Depending on your moans, I might let you cum in the shower. After I fuck your
face in the shower, of course.
Option C: Naughty Desires
Immediately upon
arriving for dinner. You will strip down naked in my place. I’ve affixed a butt
plug to your chair for dinner. Sitting next to you. I will tease your boy dick
and thigh. It will be a evening of teasing. You will find yourself completely
restrained to bed after dinner. Nipple clips. Gag. Prostate massager in your
hole. Add in the touch of a magic wand to tease your boy dick. You will whimper
for hours. After a time that I determine, you will be untied. You will sit
yourself on my cock. You may attempt to make yourself cum from riding my cock,
so long as you cum before me. If not, you will sleep horny all night.
BONUS: Reblog with your answer and explain
which one you want, and I will shoot you a message. Let me get inside your
head.
So tell me boy? What do you want tonight?
Option A is tempting, but B is what I’d go with. Knowing how much you like to rim your boy’s hole, how could I not? And then to be lucky enough to be spanked in your favorite position… your lap supporting my lighter body, my soft skin against yours. The leash and collar only heighten the sense that I belong to you, and being on all fours ensures the rough fucking that I deserve… a way for you to unwind and get rid of all the stress from your long day. And after swallowing every drop of cum, the intimacy of showering together would strengthen our bond.All in all, a perfect evening.
Tags: temptingdominance
Photo
August 28, 2015
1,130 notes
My god… this is muscle alpha perfection. His dominant stance, even the way he holds the camera. This is a man who takes what he wants from boys like me, and I couldn’t be more eager to please.(Source: dudes-on-demand, via brooklynalphabro)
Tags: muscle
Photo
August 28, 2015
13,027 notes
God I want to be on my knees, giving every inch of that body the worship it deserves, feeling his immensely powerful arms on each side of my head, pushing lower and lower…(Source: call-me-tumb1r, via muscleteen)
Tags: muscle
Photoset
August 28, 2015
25,680 notes
My hole would never feel the same again…(Source: hotpr, via pussyboybitch-deactivated201512)
Tags: big cock
Photo
August 25, 2015
1,878 notes
Seeing a guy in this position drives me crazy. It’s a position that just screams suck my dick! Legs open and inviting, huge cock pointed right at my mouth, him sitting back and relaxing… just waiting for me to service him.(via grover3)
Next »
About
I'm a 30 y/o nerdy, skinny, somewhat inexperienced bottom guy in Akron. Using this to collect some of the kinkier things that turn me on... dom/sub, rough fucking, bondage, spanking, occasionally some harder stuff. Especially into role reversal when it comes to younger guys topping... not much hotter to me than a muscled twink doing the pounding!
People I follow
Powered by Tumblr. Minimal Theme designed by Artur Kim.