https://www.alabombay.blogspot.com
madisjustinsane.
Tuesday, September 06, 2005
Bush's Response to Katrina's Victims:" The fact is, the lack of response is criminal. But we already knew this administration is full of criminals. It's one thing that they steal their money, it's quite another when their inaction costs Americans their lives. Get used to it folks- Bush doesn't care. I hope all of you that voted for him are very proud of yourselves right about now. "
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 12:13 AM
|
Sunday, September 04, 2005
Just don't piss in your pants while listening to it..Click>> Brandon DiCo Chinese Freestyle
Who wants to taste my General Tso?You want a piece of my General Tso?I'm gonna give it to you nowWho like my chopsticks?Hit you in the shit wit my little ass dick.Yellow!If you wanna see me eat jello.I never seen nothin like you before.I can kick you.Higher than you can kick me.I can kick you way up into a tree.Who wants a taste of my Oolong tea?ho ha ho ha hoo chi chiEverybody in the phone book's named chang.Wanna see my wang?Never!Good, go hit the gong with a bang.Wha?!Everybody wanna see me throw a fireball,but thats not right.Not in real life.You will falldown and break your leg.Everybody wanna see me break an eggWell I dont!But I like fried rice,and I ain't got lice.ching chow woo ching wang woo wiceThat aint nice!For a fortune cookie I always charge you twice.Delivery is free, but not from me!I always call a dollar fifty.Fit fifty five.Wanna see me go "gah!"?Hit you wit the linehayaa!Whoa! When I hit you with the shit,do a split,take a shit,after you eat my shit.Kung fu.Want my buffet?You fuckin gay!ow, I'll go hit you wit the hayStay tha fuck away!Hit you in the balls.Only americans eat duck sauce!And my soy sauce is for you.I can put it in your shoe.Watch this, I can tiptoe while you take a piss.In my bathroom, spy on you, while your little boy shits.Hoooooooyaa!I can kick you if you don't pay the bill.And if you want a little mint, thats fifty cent!Bitch!Everything costs a little bit!So dont expect nothin for free!At least from me.Ching chang chew-ey.I got you, from taiwan city and hong kong.I could smoke a bong, and I could do it all night long.And dont mistake me for a Viet Kong.I can get you,and tackle you, spank you.Never see me when I get you and bang you.Rope you up,and put you in a bamboo cage, and make you feel all my rage.Poke you wit a little stick till you page your buddiesto come Napalm meGod damn-That shit burn!!Blew away my whole city.Ho Chi Min, shoot a load on your chin.God damn!As I said, going go to buy.And if you wanna come on in,you could walk into my world where the yellow shit begin.hooy yaw!Can't be tamed!I got shit to control your brain and its calledEgg Foo Young, and Low MeinSo come on in baby and have it just the same.Hoya!Hah!
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 5:15 PM
|
Monday, August 15, 2005
Aug. 15th. DIMWITS! MRT Police unit? My God! I will not endorse and sanction the harrassment that's about to be carried out by these bunch of pansies in their "special uniform", and "special beret"! They look special too..as in from a special home. I don't want these special douches be checking my bags anytime they want! "Shoot to kill!?" That's abit...nono, that is waaay overboard, Mr. Sam Seng. I see bearded men carrying big bags on my trains all week! Should these Osama-like-creatures be shot on their temples on the spot?(-I doubt the special douches can even do a clean headshot) Even if some of them read FHM as their morning diet? How about you sit down, grab that expensive Moet champagne from that cooler of yours, and chill coz you're getting a little, very much paranoid. I can already foresee the future. Complains everywhere! Especially from the minority groups. This will do much to Singapore's security I can tell you that, yes very fucking much backlashes that is. Wankers!!
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 9:54 PM
|
Saturday, August 13, 2005
How do we know how much time we have left in this world?How do we spend the remaining time given. Do we treasure it and are God-conscious while spending it or do we just spend it aimlessly, following our lust and desires?Are we conscious that life is so short, that we could just die anytime and that this life is but a stage?He was a young lad. He's intrigued by my bartending stint at that time and would love to work as one. He keep on pestering me to get for him an interview. I knew he was still an innocent kid at that time and I did not want to be the one "spoiling" him. Maybe it's all part of his growing up, he is curious. God doesn't want him to be too curious and commit sins. So God took him away..suddenly....while he was still innocent.Rest in peace, Atep.A distant friend's father passed away just now. Attended the funeral prayers and watched his son, calm yet at the same time looking lost. Lost for what had happened. Lost that it happened in just a short time.Maybe these are God's way of telling me to wake up - that life is short.Treasure it and use it wisely. Before the call to meet our Maker comes..
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 12:09 AM
|
Sunday, August 07, 2005
I love cookies. My sister makes nice, delicious, fattening cookies. I'm afraid for my abs.Watching Marion Raven in a segment on MTV, she was trying to make noodles in Chinatown. I can't help but noticed how saggy her breasts were! Ew.
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 7:29 PM
|
Monday, August 01, 2005
One thing that I can't tolerate is equipment/bench/dumbell hogging and I think its time for me to blow the fucking top...People that I saw in the public gym I frequent to-The Oldie Couple - The husband does a few repitition of the lat pull down with the lat pull down machine. Then she demonstrates it to his wife who went on to do it hantam bocai. Ignoring the queue for the only lat pull down machine in the gym, the husband went on to do a set of tricep pull down. The verdict: Hello uncle auntie, stop wasting yours or other people's time. Other people also wanna use the machine right? You do one time then let the others use it can?? Then wait for your turn again..that's how it works uncle. Don't even let me mention about your wife's skin-tight gym attire......The bunch of boys with the army singlets - Number one hoggers. Will stack a couple of dumbells of various sizes under the benches that they will be hogging. Then they will proceed to grunt and pant their asses to the exercises that they're doing. Trying their best to hooh-haah the babes aunties in the gym. My verdict: Eehhh...wao lao weh, Don't like that lah. I know u people from army one..but other people also want to use the dumbell leh! You think you all the only one carrying heavy weights ah?? One I see wearing the guards formation singlet. Another I see wearing the Infantry formation singlet. Hey wait! Theres another one wearing the Commando formation singlet sia! Wow..I wonder if today the whole of SAF having off. Eh...that PT kit looks familiar lah! Looks like my PTI singlet....WAO LAO WEI. I guessed it that they must have bought it from their camp e-mart. Like that I also want to be a "gym only" Commando! And with a fat body huge tricep like that - you sure or not you can get gold timing for your 2.4, Mr. Commando?The cool, handsome, tanned guy. Did i mentioned cool? - He's so cool that he didn't do anything to piss me off, except for being cool. "Excuse me, Can I share the weights?" I asked. He gave me the displeasure "cool" look and responded with a slight nod. My verdict: Continue walking with an air around you, you're so cool that I feel like slapping you. You can be cool, I can be cold, understand?The bald headed midget old man - He goes around the gym and talk to people. So what's the big deal? He's a noisy old man with a voice that makes u go aaaaarrgh.... He talks to people about everything and everything - from his days of hardcore working out to his days of hardcore working out. He likes to hog the bench press too - the only avenue where he can show off his brute strengh so that people can be "impress" with his amazing bench press ability.. My verdict: Hello Uncle? How are you today? Had your lunch? Can shut up and work out or not uncle? I know you're an old timer, but then luckily you don't start a convo wif me or I just might have to pretend listening to your irritating voice. And strength is not all about bench press, uncle. I've never seen you do squats or deadlifts before. Let's see how many poundage you can pack for those "total body" exercises uncle?....Those exercises are much better at rating a person's overall strength. Maybe those exercises will shut you up.All this chain of events interrupted my workout just now. Because of the hoggers,imagine a rest time of 10 mins at one point of time in between my exercises! Blardy hell...all my prior workout went down the drain. 10 mins is long enough to make my body "settle down".$2.50 for a single person entry to the neighbourhood public gym(Adult)....hmmmm. NO WONDER SINGAPOREANS' BMI ARE INCREASING. IN OTHER WORDS, MORE AND MORE SINGAPOREANS ARE BECOMING F A T T E R. But can you blame them? If you wanna exercise, it's recommended to do it at least 3 times per week. $2.50 x 3 = $7.50. You can get a McDonalds upsize meal with that kind of money! And if I'm a person who seldom gym, and knowing the etiqutte of the people inside the gym..I'd go for the fast food meal anytime.Mom said not to take M.C. I had a slight flu, sore eye and went to the doc and did get M.C. And aw naw hell naw boy......did I miss my camp's gym - Where I am the boss! I can just lock the gym up anytime provided its not public hours and work out to my orgasm. I'll try my VERY best not to take M.C next time Mom!Note:the above views come from a light hearted p.o.v by the author. No harm intended.
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 11:36 PM
|
Saturday, July 30, 2005
Gloomy sky. Dampy weather. Its a boring Saturday!The weather really depicts the somber mood that I am having currently, many thanks to the bloody sore eye that I'm having, yes literally bloody - Red and bloodshot, you won't wanna see it.I'm running low on cash, part of the reason why is coz I'm saving for the k750i. Gonna get it next month hopefully if all turns out well. Then my blog won't be so dull anymore - pictures of muscular hunks will be coming your way soon!!! HORRAH FOR THAT!!!Jon Jonsson - this guy is awesome. Not from a faggoty kind of affection point of view but from a fellow human being point of view. I kind of look up to him now after reading his blogs. This guy really does have the intellect, and he really diminish the typical stereotype that most models are airheads. He is an activist - so am I. He's a supermodel - so will I. He's the source of my inspiration. Here's to activism and modelling..... Cheers!! LOL.Slipknot's gig is a few weeks away and I plan to see it but can I not pay for it pleeezzeee? $100 bux is way too steep for an NSF budget. Guess the only solution will be to try to gatecrash it. Hopefully I will make it inside the papers the day after- "Juvenile teen beaten up by bouncers and arrested for gatecrashing rock concert." Maybe that will help kickstart my modelling career......LOL.
Mado was not feelin lazy
at 4:57 PM
|
my insane self
Ahmad -
NSF -
16/09/85 -
Virgo
links
Propaganda(Good)
Propaganda(Bad)
*LOL* n more!
Geeky stuff
Anti-Flag
the scene
Workout!
GOAAALL
communications
e-mail - radicaleet@gmail.com
MSN - selapjack
archives
November 2004
May 2005
June 2005
July 2005
August 2005
September 2005