https://www.alan-hanson.tumblr.com
Alan Hanson
Alan Hanson
Contact & Other Work  Orientation
ASK
Show me yr mits
#
180 to casper slide on freud’s grave kick-flip out to the opening drums in “hot for teacher”
lookedlikelaughing:
all the dizzy quartz of poetry and the poems outnumber the starsso many i could drown i could swallow the sea and still not evenlose my lanugo and poems you’ve dog-eared poems you’ve linkedlittle mighty poems in the huff of your pout devastating shocks whileturning right on red anthologies locked into the fontanels of my head and the best ones are shown to me like a rip like a wild kick by thosei love supernaturally and i will eat each one my laughing skeleton chompmy screeching face my awful waist sunk into the pulse of your hips myheart in your tits and oh god i miss my mother yet here i am fed.
This was posted 6 months ago. It has 15 notes.
#
Eating Crickets in Plaza Hidalgowritten by me, illustrated by Hallie Bateman, for Saveur.
This was posted 7 months ago. It has 4 notes. .
#
pacific bell
lookedlikelaughing:
Sometimes I think
you’re the only good thing out of the ValleyCircus Liquor is sadthe houses drag some purgatorial place stretched inverted shadows of terror butyou I’ve never been suspicious offlicking bullets in the heck of your daysome people don’t need a nicknamesome people always have their hands on fire rooting around the apothecary bag
and melting all your toolsfrayed to fuck and hoping
you would hold themlike a gouge in the soil
in place of a wombspilled over the mountains
some soft and uncontainable force.
This was posted 7 months ago. It has 20 notes.
#
christian quarters
lookedlikelaughing:
We drove out to the desertwe stayed at the Ace a good yearafter it was coolWe were a handclapa ‘58 Bel Airchromium archersinterstate ribbonsWe drank rum until you criedbecause rum makes you cryand that was the only reason why
This was posted 8 months ago. It has 14 notes.
#
dug in
lookedlikelaughing:
I feel healthier even with my cracks
and I wonder if people liked me more
when I was worse
but when was that. One night, within arms reach of
my summer boil, disaster on the stove,
I watched youtube videos of Challengernews coverage and trembled.The death of Venus, a million brittle laughs
brickle behind your back, a face like I’m okay
is a long term attack.Today I’m emerald San Bernardino
I’m Crystal Cathedral watching the
soft glow of my living room window,
wondering what’s changed.There’s a heckle in your holster,
estocada alma mater, deserts sick
without the water, I do not have to
die in the dirt.
This was posted 8 months ago. It has 43 notes.
#
casual eureka
lookedlikelaughing:
Here I have! And hold all that I amon this perfect Saturday morningThe hummingbirds sling orbits outsidemy window, a dog chases the mail truck! No shit!And how have I never seen that before, America?The mailman is the track-rabbit shimmeringParallel my white picket fence, the dog is alwaysthe dog, our yard is dead, I’m sleeping less and I’m sureYou’ve guessed my new trajectory, space debriscutting rugs in the dance halls of good intentions and cosmicMistake. The sky is the blue of an apartment complex poolin a neighborhood richer than ours, steamed flat and unrippledBegging for the wild residents to emerge like butterfly children andslap foot soles across the rough cooked concrete, leap high into the airArc through space and time in super silence before the plop-plapslam, the skin brisks quick, the heart skips, a geyser of diamondShoots from the drip. The orange cat is a Creamsicle melting in the yardwhile the trowel of time gouges my chest plate, an astronaut gone too longTouches back down to California, the static-charged cities in blue and shouttucked defiantly into the sand, a bird sings, a palm tree, a golden land.I am shotgunned and holy, my pulpit all empty PBR cans and war heroZig-Zags, but my wicked womb, California!, where my bones are allTelescopes, dimensions surf the burning hills, prying you open with myfirecracker hands, a simple silly man, no tan lines tonight, paralyzed with sight.
This was posted 9 months ago. It has 27 notes.
#
finding worth in indiana
lookedlikelaughing:I’m reading Bolaño againin a hotel in a city I’ve never been,looks the same as the rest, the cataloguepages of cities mid-west. A girl with hair like upside-down matchsticksbought me Pulphead before I leftbut I can’t pry it open—every time I glance at itI think of herand every timeI think of herI must throw the thought awayknowing full well I don’t deserve to feel this great.But it is then,on the toilet with Roberto,I thinkNo matter the faults and the cracksmy life sucked silly into horrid stacksI’ll name my daughter Catalinaand she’ll mend my screaming laugh.
pit-stop in indy before my return to los angeles on friday
This was posted 9 months ago. It has 75 notes.
#
hi-lo country
lookedlikelaughing:Woodgrain and pitch,two tips for a smoky eye,emoting over Millerswhisky-backed and nothing hushed.Sharlene’s should have a disco ball.I knead my tile palms on the walk homethinking I don’t have many more to makeuntil my last mistake, volume knob left.Everything left, and our scars they shakeup on the radio waves, why can’t I beso many things, and all at once?That’s the tip of the pencil.But the next day, nubbed once more,bought pills again, pushing fists into fistless places, daggering some knuckle-facedbriar-topped shitboy at a dinner party in Boerum Hill, Saturday morning unclean, I take the skirt off a bottle of blueberry moonshine, a steady snowbegins to fall.
This was posted 10 months ago. It has 29 notes.
#
“
You have broken up with your boyfriend. You now go out with men who, instead of whispering ”I love you,” shout: ”Do it to me, baby.” This is good for your writing.
Sooner or later you have a finished manuscript more or less. People look at it in a vaguely troubled sort of way and say, ”I’ll bet becoming a writer was always a fantasy of yours, wasn’t it?” Your lips dry to salt. Say that of all the fantasies possible in the world, you can’t imagine being a writer even making the top 20. Tell them you were going to be a child psychology major. ”I bet,” they always sigh, ”you’d be great with kids.” Scowl fiercely. Tell them you’re a walking blade.
Quit classes. Quit jobs. Cash in old savings bonds. Now you have time like warts on your hands. Slowly copy all of your friends’ addresses into a new address book.
Vacuum. Chew cough drops. Keep a folder full of fragments.
An eyelid darkening sideways.
World as conspiracy.
Possible plot? A woman gets on a bus.
Suppose you threw a love affair and nobody came.
At home drink a lot of coffee. At Howard Johnson’s order the cole slaw. Consider how it looks like the soggy confetti of a map: where you’ve been, where you’re going - ”You Are Here,” says the red star on the back of the menu.
Occasionally a date with a face blank as a sheet of paper asks you whether writers often become discouraged. Say that sometimes they do and sometimes they do. Say it’s a lot like having polio.
”Interesting,” smiles your date, and then he looks down at his arm hairs and starts to smooth them, all, always, in the same direction.
Lorrie Moore, How to Be a Writer (via graceandvictory)(Source: hnicolemartin, via nogreatillusion)
This was posted 11 months ago. It has 433 notes.
#
I just published a long essay about my depression, its deepest dive, and what happened because of it. You can read it here.
But I wanted to write this as well:
I would not be here in the relatively healthy shape that I’m in, nor would I have been able to process and document these events and turn them into something that will, hopefully, help others, without the following people:
My editor, Leah Beckmann, my sister and family, my understanding coworkers, JW & AM, HP, TI, EP, MA, SF and all of the Squids, AH, EW, AG, ME, EC, MB, MP, CW, every single person who in one way or another put up with my messy, selfish, jabber-jawed self during any period of this, my grandmother, and most of all Cran, for saving my life more than once.
Have you ever heard “One of Four” by Aesop Rock? He did a wayyyy better job
I want you all to know that I’m scared out my fuckin’ crooked soul and never faced a monster like the last few months ever in my whole life. I wish I could explain this better… (I can’t) But the pieces won’t formulate into anything even close to cohesive so I guess this is my feeble way to thank you four soldiers that extended something sacred out of the purity of kindness. I owe you all my life and please don’t argue with that statement cause without y'all I may not have a life to offer; take it. … I guess it is kind of funny when you look at it from a step back: how one man can literally buckle under the same pressures other men operate normally under. I have scoped this out from all angles, multiple times. I have been over everything in my head ‘till I can’t think anymore. But I guess sometimes when you can’t breathe there are people there to breathe for you. I am lucky enough to have those people around me.
Thank you for helping me to not die Thank you for helping me to not die.
Thank you.
-AH
This was posted 12 months ago. It has 61 notes. .
Next page
Some writer and everything else
Powered by Tumblr and designed by Evan Walsh.
View some archived posts if you please.