https://www.alexchiu.com
Immortality Devices by Alex Chiu
Portuguese
Deutsch
Chinese
Espanol
Forum
Track your order
Member
Login
Forgot password?       Join
Our products
alexchiu.com
Been selling since 1996.  One of the most
successful and famous anti-aging product on the market today.  Interviewed by more
than 300 radio stations and on TV more than 15 different talk shows including: The Daily
Show, Rosanne Show, Tech TV Unscrewed, London Fox, etc.
Eternal
Life Device
Physical Immortality
alexchiu.com
ALEX CHIU'S IMMORTALITY
DEVICE .. ENTER HERE
What do you think rapture is?  Answer:
Ones who believe shall not perish and will have everlasting life.  Immortality Device is believed to allow
humans to stay physically young forever. US PATENT #
5,989,178. The most imporatnt invention in human
history.   SEE
OUR TESTIMONIALS HERE! Alex Chiu knows what causes you to
age and hereby discovered a great solution to stop you from aging.  See how to make the Immortality
Device yourself.  Or join our discussion
forum.
Watch these YouTube videos from 2004 to 2009 and see how much I have changed
because I took Gorgeouspil and Chi Flush.
Open up your own
Immortality Devices website instantly!
Alex
Chiu's another important invention
GORGEOUSPIL TM
pending
The Gorgeous
pill will make you prettier and more beautiful every morning.  You will gradually
look PERFECT, even more gorgeous than super models.  You will one day reach
PHYSICAL PERFECTION!!  It is strong enough to change the shape of your facial bones. No
more plastic surgery!  No more implants.
Super Chi Flush > It doesn't matter
what handicap you have.  This stuff burns through everything!
Here is a chart that I
made based on my personal experience.
Wear Immortality Devices for 1 day
equals to 30 days of healing without
the devices.  It heals your body faster than you can age.  That's why you stop
aging.
Use Immortality Devices and Gorgeouspil
for 1 day
equals to 3 months of healing with only
the devices.  (no joke)  That's why the shape of your bones can change within a
few days.
Use the devices, Gorgeouspil, and also
Chi Flush for 1 day
equals to 5 days of healing with the
devices and Gorgeouspil.  And you get to remove all Chi blockades which the
Gorgeouspil cannot do.
Open up your own
Immortality Devices website within 3 minutes.
Receive a FREE pair of Immortality
Rings if you help me out!
Listen to telephone recorded
testimonies with Real Audio
More testimonies
Download Real Player Now!
If you are a user of Immortality Device, please write your testimonial on your
site and join the immortal rings!!
WebRing  by alexchiu2
About - Privacy
Immortality
Rings Users' WebRing
[ Join
Now | Ring Hub | Random | << Prev | Next >> ]
What is it like in the future?
What can we do to improve our world?
HOW TO UNITE THE ENTIRE
WORLD? (Unified world government)
Only Alex Chiu has the solution to a unified
world, unless you can think of a better one..
ALEX
CHIU'S NEW DARWINISM
Full of graphics and animated GIF's. How a group of chemicals form into a cell. What
makes animals crawl, swim, or walk. Why can humans think. Why are there male and female.
Must read!
SPACE STATION
Discover the unsolved mysteries of our universe with Alex Chiu. Full of graphics and
explanations to make sure that you understand completely.
HEAL THE
HANDICAPS. (blind, deaf, dumb)
Now building and testing machines which cure handicaps!
What is God?
Visit Alex Chiu's new web site Superiching.com.
ALEX CHIU'S
PHILOSOPHY
What are we living for? What is the mark of the beast? How bible codes were
constructed? Etc.
Immortality Bulletin Board
Other interesting links.  Add your website here.
Join this new
wealth building program!
Other Products and more Real Audio
Listen to my
radio interview by Martin Sargent
Receive a FREE pair of Immortality
Rings!
Open up your own
Immortality Devices website instantly!
We sell the original Alex Chiu's
magnetic rings and toe rings, also known as neodymium magnetic ring or anti aging
neodymium rings. Other magnetic therapy products, magnetic mattresses, magnetic pads, or
magnetic jewelry will never be able to pair up with Alex's invention.   Alex
Chiu's invention is highly recommended by Kevin Trudeau's Natural Cures book.
Email Alex Chiu
DISCLAIMER
Track your order
Affiliate
member login
Join the Alex Chiu's appreciation
club
Gorgeouspil is the only savior of Earth
The biggest enemy of mother nature is human.
We humans reached the top of the food chain and kept multiplying until no end.
More humans means more pollution; More trees cut down for wood, more
forest burned for living space, and more slaughtering of innocent animals.
Stopping humans from multiphying is the only feasible way of saving
mother nature.
And Gorgeouspil can stop humans from multiplying!
So spreading the usage of Gorgeouspil can save the environment.  Here's
why:
Without Gorgeouspil, people's bodies would age.  Blockages of
Chi energy would torment a person's soul.   The soul can no longer tolerate
flowing inside a deteriorating body.  New bodies need to be reproduced.
The deteriorating body is forced to produce offspring so that his
soul can share a line of new and fresh bodies.  This is what I call 'abandon ship'
theory.
But with Gorgeouspil, the body will constantly be repaired.
Blockages of Chi energy will slowly be opened up.  If there is no more blockages of
Chi energy, the soul will no longer be tormented.  Therefore the body no longer needs
to reproduce itself.  No more 'abandon ship'.
So people who take Gorgeouspil don't want kids.  (You
still can have kids. But you just don't want one.)  A person who takes Gorgeouspil
likes to concentrate his soul within his own body and does not wish to scatter his soul on
to other bodies.  So making babies is not desirable for people who take
Gorgeouspil.  Gorgeouspil allows a person to achieve unlimited beauty and unlimited
youth.  Meanwhile, it stops humans from unnecessary reproductions of more human
beings.
Help bring this new technology to light.  For the sake of
mother nature, for the sake of millions of innocent animals, for the sake of your own
future.  Don't blindly let the unnecessary reproductions of more human beings ruin
our home.  Spread the word about Gorgeouspil.
As an immortal you have a duty to protect our planet.  Let
the spreading of words be your first mission.
We don't sell copper bracelets. We offer neodymium magnet, which was introduced by Natural
Cures Trudeau, the book natural cures they don't want you to know about (page 194, 1st
edition). Copper bracelet doesn't work as well as health magnets that we sell. Our
neodymium magnets are truly the best magnetic finger rings on the market.