https://www.alexiasdaddy.blogspot.com
Alexia's Daddy
skip to main
|
skip to sidebar
Alexia's Daddy
Friday, April 9, 2010
A late discipline
This scenario has not happened (yet).Before I had left home from work, Alexia and I had shared a hug and a kiss after breakfast. "Be good baby, I'll be home late tonight" I said. She put on a pout but she understood I had to go work. We exchanged I love yous and I was on my way. "wait!" she cried, "you're forgetting my chores". I grinned, I actually had forgotten about it entirely and I was proud of her for reminding me. I went to our room and pulled out a list of chores that had to be done. We shared chores but since I was going to work all day, I had to give her some extras to do around the house while I was gone. I gave her the list and was heading out. "Don't worry, I'll keep the house from burning down" she joked. I trust her with my life... let alone my house.Work was tiring to say the least. Every now and then I'd sneak a text here and there with Alexia. She had texted:"Don't worry daddy, everything here is fine and I'm almost done with the list. I love you, hope you have a great day at work. I'll be waiting for you when you get back"That text made me feel at ease during work. My baby was really taking care of things while I was gone, and it made me feel proud. Being the cute girl she is, she kept texting me little smiles throughout the day to keep my mood up, I can't say it didn't work :)I arrived from work pretty late, I believe it had to have been 10:30 or 11:00 pm. I was pretty tired, but excited to see Alexia again from a long stressful day at work. I walked through the living room, seeing that the place was clean. I called for her, but she didn't come. I looked through the kitchen, no sign. I looked in every possible room in the house. I got to the den, i noticed there was a big mess there. Papers piled up, windows dirty, and the computers all dusty. I called for her again, wondering what had happened. It was late, and I figured she might have gone to bed being pooped from all the chores. It was a bit unfair that she had extra work to do, so I wasn't too mad about the den, as the rest of the house was spotless.I then enter the bedroom and turn on the light. I see Alexia kneeling on the floor in the corner with a hairbrush in hand. "Sweetheart, I'm home" I said. She looked over, but could not look into my eyes. "what's wrong baby?" I asked. She came over to the bed and gestured that I sit down with her. "Daddy, I was bad". I was honestly confused... "Bad? the house looks great!" I said, "don't worry about the den". "NO baby, listen" she interrupted. She explained how the house being clean was not her doing, she had some friends over and they helped her clean. "wow, well I don't mind some help baby" I explained. She glanced at the floor and suddenly turned a bit red. "baby, what aren't you telling me?" Apparently, she did have friends over... but the details were surprising. Her friends had come into the house to hang out, and they were having a lot of fun. It quickly began getting late and Alexia had forgotten entirely that she hadn't done her chores at all. "But I got your text, what do you mean you forgot?" I asked. "I sent you that so you could feel better at work that I was taking care of the house" she replied.She had gone to bed while her friends were still over, exhausted from just fooling around and joking. She woke up around 9 pm hysterical and told her friends to help her. Apparently they had just finished not 10 minutes before I pulled into the driveway.I was disappointed to say the least, and she felt horrible. "Daddy, I need a spanking" she said. "I feel rotten that i lied to you, and that I have not honestly done what I needed to do". She handed me the hairbrush and pulled down her panties. She lay herself over my knees and asked again " please daddy, I need a spanking for being disobedient". I was honestly surprised, she had asked me to spank her before, but never as submissive as this.I grabbed the hairbrush in hand and got into my role as her guardian. I wailed at her bottom, scolding her along the way. She felt so horrible, she started to cry. Not from the pain, but from the embarrassment of it all. I must have given her about 300 with the hairbrush, her bottom was bright red and very warm. I placed her in the corner and told her to wait "thank you daddy for my punishment" she said very meekly. "oh you won't want to thank me after I'm finished". "We aren't finished daddy?" she gave me the biggest set of puppy eyes I've ever seen.. it was truly adorable. "not just yet sweetheart, you asked for a punishment and I decided you need to be paddled"I went to the drawer where we keep the paddle. The paddle is only for Punishments only, we don't use it often in regular play spankings.. we figure it is better that way so she doesn't get used to it. I slammed the drawer shut, and I saw her jump up. "you are going to get 10 baby, and then it is time for bed". It had to have been midnight by then, with all the talking and punishment going on.She got up from her knees and pushed her little bottom out, keeping her nose right in the corner. "I'm very sorry daddy, please forgive me". I made her count them out, after each saying "I will do my own chores, and I will be responsible". The first 3 were a shock to her, she hadn't gotten paddled in a while and forgot how it felt. On the verge of crying, she kept herself from full out balling. She then took the next 5 well. I got to the last 2 and told her to brace herself. I swung a bit harder, but with good taste.I then told her the punishment was over. "come here baby girl, let me explain something to you". I talked with her about her chores and the roles we need to keep in the house in order for both of us to be happy. She agreed "I love you baby, thank you for my punishment" she said. "I love you too sweetheart, and I'm very proud that you came to me about this". She smiled knowing full well that I really was proud of her for coming to me. It was something we discussed a while back, but she never really admitted to something like that before, let alone submit entirely like that."Time for bed" I commented. "lets get ready for sleep". We both headed to the bathroom to go brush our teeth, something we always had done since we started dating. I let her go first, we only had one sink in the bedroom (bad contracting). She bent over the sink to get her toothbrush. I noticed something... her panties. With toothpaste in her mouth she asked "wut baby? smonthin wrong?" I took my hand and placed it on her bottom, still very warm and red. I started to run it down her backside and made my way to her pussy. She jumped when I got there. "baby, your panties are wet" I said. She looked at me with a mischievous look, her ears getting more red every second she stared at me. "Sweety, we can't go to bed with you being wet" I told her.I slowly pulled her adorable panties down, she knew what was coming and she spread her legs. I placed the panties in the hamper, "we need to get you clean sweety" I said kindly. she gestured that she understood. I then grabbed some non alcoholic baby wipes from the counter. I pulled one out and began to wipe my little girls wet pussy. She was embarrassed, but I could tell she liked it. I myself was very much aroused from all the spanking from earlier and this was just the dessert I needed. I threw away the wipe, then made sure she was not wet anymore. She smiled at me again "thank you daddy for cleaning me". I wasn't finished yet, I slid my fingers in her pussy. "you are very welcome little girl, this is your reward for taking that well". Of course she got wet again, but this time I just slid my fingers in and out of her pussy, then making my way into her tiny asshole. She absolutely loves ass play, but she is very conscious about it, and gets very shy.I fingered her asshole also making sure she was clean, and I sent her to bed. She had a grin on her face, and both sets of cheeks were very much red. I got into bed, about to call it a night. She rolled over and grabbed my cock. "baby, I want to fuck you now" she said. Well, how can you say no to that? I gladly obliged to whatever she wanted to do. She stroked my hard dick and started licking the tip. She began to swallow my cock in her mouth, something you should know... she is very good at hand jobs, I was in heaven. She then bent over and started playing with her pussy. She pointed at my dick and gestured to come fuck her, "I want that in here" she said.I slid my cock in her pussy. We were doggy style, so I was able to see her still very red bottom. I gave her some sensual spankings, and I felt her pussy drip. I felt her warm bottom push up against my hips with every thrust. I then licked my fingers and slid them into her already pliable asshole. She got very red in her face, I could tell from her ears. I then decided to go into her ass with my dick, knowing she was just longing for it. "baby, I'm so naughty, SPANK ME!" I let her stay in the doggy style position, I pulled my dick out and gave her about 30 hard spankings. Every time I spanked her I rubbed her bottom and her pussy making her want the next one.After a good fucking, we both cuddled in bed. Laughing about our adventures together. We went to bed, finally around 3am happy as can be with out relationship.. ready to do it again the next day.
Posted by
Alejandro Ronay
at
10:29 AM
3 comments:
Tuesday, April 6, 2010
My first
Hi, I'm Alex. I'm 23 years old.
I'm not too familiar with these blog things, especially ones talking about myself. It is going to be a bit odd for me, but I promised someone I would do it. You see, I met someone not too long ago and she totally changed my life forever. I have to express that our sexual desires are ones that some find taboo... you see we are into spanking. Yes, that's it. However we are REALLY into it. I signed onto spankolife just around January. I have been longing a spanking relationship my entire life. I am very dominant in relationships, but also very caring and loving. I dated women who for the most part were ok with the idea of spanking, but when it actually came to it they just couldn't do it or weren't getting anything out of it. So, I signed up as a sort of "there's nothing to lose, lots to gain" attitude. Not very short after I got a message from a girl, Alexia. She messaged me "hey, I live near you". Being the horny guy I was I gave it a go and replied. We started chatting and I started to realize that this girl was very fun, I almost instantly had a huge crush on her but didn't say it.
I had thought "hey this will be fun, a girl I can spank when I am horny"... but I slowly started to discover that the more I talked to Alexia the more I was into her. Wow! the most amazing personality ever... JUST LIKE MINE lol. It's actually true, we have too much in common for it to be a coincidence. After a few weeks of talking, I realized that Alexia was just too good of a thing to pass up. I told her how I felt and promised to go see her... and I did. A few months later I had my car all gassed up and my bag packed for a long 7 hour trip to go see the girl I now openly loved. I was feeling pretty good about six hours into it, then it dawned on me that I was about to see the girl that was changing my life. We decided to meet in a shopping center so we could then go eat together and meet her parents. I drove up with phone in hand talking to her, looking for a cute little red headed girl. I drove into the center and there she was, all dolled up and showered, too cute for words really. I got off the phone and parked my car, we had been planning this for a few weeks but I doubt either of us knew what we would do. I instantly gave her a hug... boy is she huggable. I then gave her a kiss and opened with a corny joke to break the ice. We had about 20 mins to kill so we sat in my car. We migrated to the back seat where we could hold each other. I couldn't believe she was finally in my arms. She was being cheeky the whole time, talking back to me and making fun of my "jew car"... that was the point where I took her over my knee for the first time and held her down firmly against my car seat. I could tell she was a bit nervous, but anxious at the same time so I started spanking. I had told her I was a hard spanker... and the whole time we had been talking I was trying to condition her so that she could take my spankings well without squirming or giving up. I gave her a few, she didn't seem to mind, probably because she was wearing jeans. I then grabbed onto the back belt
loop of her jeans and pulled them tight across her bottom. I gave her some harder ones, and I think she saw that I had it in me to punish her right.
I stayed in a hotel, she didn't sleep with me there but we hung out for a long time during the day and most of the night until either she drove home or I took her home. In the hotel we had some very intimate spanking play. I put her across my knee with her panties down for the first time and got very excited. Alexia has the best bottom I've ever seen. Cute, plump, and VERY spankable. So, I didn't hesitate. She started moving around and squirming... she had not done too much conditioning on her end and it showed. i quickly started reprimanding her to keep still or she would get it worse. The way she calls me daddy just makes my dick hard automatically, such care and love in her voice, I honestly feel like her guardian. I put her in the corner, and she started acting bratty... that is just what she was used to, but I wouldn't have any of that. I made sure she put her nose right in the corner and I spanked her as I reprimanded her. I always make Alexia reflect out loud while she is in the corner, as I truly want her to get a lesson out of all the spankings I give her. She decided to be bratty again, so I pulled on her ear... she did the most outrageous thing and pinched my arm. She had a laugh, but I was not laughing. Though I like to put her in her place, I am all about respect. I always respect her as she is precious to me, and when she pinched me I felt very disrespected and abused. She got on the bed and was playing with a pillow. I took it away angry at her trying to get her to listen to me, but it was pointless... she was having quite the laugh. She asked for the pillow and I threw it in her face, she saw I was very angry with her. I didn't want to talk to her until she apologized... she felt so bad she started to cry. She wouldn't get out of the bathroom from the shame it brought her. At that moment I saw that this girl REALLY cared about me and what I thought of her, though I was feeling like a douche bag for making her cry I also felt nice knowing that she was ashamed for pinching me. She then got out of the bathroom and apologized. I then told her she would be disciplined for it. Of course this was all in play, but the spanking was real. I know she enjoyed it, and I did also.
Now it is a few weeks later. I promised her I would help her with her school work.. .you see she has a very big procrastination problem. I understand having been in college myself, but Alexia is just so full of ambition, that it bothers me that she doesn't try harder. She trusted me to keep her in line with her classes and homework, and I honestly tried as hard as I could. Every day she goes out with her friends and forgets to do her homework, sometimes she skips class just for the heck of it... and I learned that she was actually failing one class. So of course we had a few spanking sessions about it and I thought that was enough. Last night though she called me on skype very worried. She had way too much work backed up from not planning anything out and not writing down her assignments. She asked me for help, and because I would help Alexia no matter what, I agreed to help her... but under a condition. She suddenly got an embarrassed look on her face, I could tell she felt very small at the time. I told her that the day after she needed to set aside an hour so that we could work on her problem. "an hour?" she asked, and I nodded my head and said yes. She was very nervous about what would happen to her... she kept asking "how many do I get? just a ball park figure". I explained that with a spanking it is not about how many you get, but the feeling you feel when you get it.. when she learns is when I stop.
So today I get a call from Alexia, she tells me she is alone and ready for her discipline. I make her pull down her panties and lay on the bed. the entire time scolding her while she tries her hardest to give herself the best self spanking she can, so I would be contempt with it. I reminded her of all the people she was letting down by procrastinating, and she really felt bad. She got one heck of a spanking from me, but most of all I got in her head... I know I did because right after I felt she was closer to me in how she talked and acted. I let her compose herself and told her to call me back. She did, and we talked a bit about how we are going to keep things like that from happening again.
I expect her to report to me with her homework and tests. I asked if she had an agenda to write it all down in, she couldn't find it... I suppose I will make her find it or get a new one. I am so in love with Alexia, not just from the spanking, but from the way she expresses herself. She is my soul mate, I can feel it.. I really want my life to be with her and her alone and I will do what I can to make it that way. She needed my help, and I would go above and beyond what I can to do that. she is going to come see me soon, a little over a month... and she is staying her a while. I honestly can't wait.
We made a deal that we would both post about how we feel after our spanking sessions. She will be posting Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays (I will make sure of that) and I will be posting Tuesdays and Thursdays at the least. We are doing this to help bond with each other while being away from each other, and as a way to connect while we talk about what we like about spanking.
Posted by
Alejandro Ronay
at
9:22 PM
1 comment:
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Followers
Blog Archive
▼
2010
(2)
▼
April
(2)
A late discipline
My first
About Me
Alejandro Ronay
I make custom illustrations and logos, please email me if you're interested.
View my complete profile