https://www.algerierencontres.com
The Wonderful World of AL
Wednesday, November 02, 2005
Ack - too warm.
It's 35 degrees (celcius), humid as FUCK, and I'm finding it aboslutely impossible to sleep in such conditions. To make matters worse, the nearest beach is 40 minutes drive away, and even if I were to make it there, the beach itself sucks, with a much higher chance of getting sandburn and bitten by something, than being able to relax and sunbake. I'm usually a big fan of insanely hot weather, but at the moment, due to the fact that I cannot seem to keep my own apartment humid-free and cool, it's SO not good.The good thing I look forward to about Summer comming up, is the fact that Melbourne seems to throw some fucking awesome dance parties, ya know, those big outdoor festivals where thousands of people turn up, get off their faces and pick up several people each day? Ah such memories.Luv AL,x0x0x
AL rambled on at 5:02 PM - -
~-:::[(*)]:::-~
Tuesday, November 01, 2005
After a long break...
I think the word LAZY would be an understatement when it comes to me and my Blog as of late... oh well. I keep MEANING to write stuff, but I never get around to it... coz I'm usually, um... busy...So get this. Last night, just as I was falling asleep, my bedroom door blows open. I get up, and check the house for any open windows, and guess what? There aren't any. To top it all off, my loungeroom was deathly cold. It was somewhat freaky.I have a new song on the brain at the mo. It's called "Let's Get Down" by Supafly. It reminds me of one of those Funkmaster Deluxe remixes of Bob Marley that came out in the late 90's. I recommend you guys get out there and listen to it...I went to the local show on the weekend. I went on this awesome ride called the Mega Drop, hich lifts you up to a height of 45 metres, then drops you, freefalling back down to the ground, at about 150km/h, in 2 seconds. One cannot describe the feeling I got in my stomach - I'm surprised I didn't die, and I'd had about 5 joints before my mate Skot dragged me onto the thing. I also went on the Zipper, pictured right.I severly recommend it if you've ever been curious on what it would be like to die in a violent way.On the Love Front - well, there's nothing. Not about love anyway. Flings and rampant sex are consistent, but the prospect of meeting anyone relatively interesting is dismal. Damn country towns. Always full of losers, stuck up biartches, or "no more than a friend" types. Oh well...Catchya.ALxoxox
AL rambled on at 4:42 PM - -
~-:::[(*)]:::-~
Hellieu. The name's AL (duh!) - I'm 23, gay, 85% happy, 15% evil, supremely optimistic, highly energetic, and addicted to sex.~*~
guestlist
Boy on Boy
Critic Inc.
Crossed Wires
Writing's & Rambling's
Rhysums
LX Industries
LXI & Friends
Darthworld
S, L & VT
A Peculiar Smile...
GayMuscleBoy
Dajoro
Fop!
Totoroland
Towleroad
Penis & Pink Bits
E-Brechi
Screaming Queen
2 Characters
Dingle Dangles
CosmoBlog
Glitter for Brains
Girl, Interrupted
Rotten Ryan
Forgotten Bliss
Tuna Girl
Gay Geek
FaggotyAssFaggot
Vivid Blurry
Scott-O-Rama
archives
- April 2005- May 2005- June 2005- July 2005- August 2005- September 2005- October 2005- November 2005
The Wonderful World of AL
Another day, Another Rambling...
"Why do we all have to go on a diet?""Because in cheerleading, we throw people up in the air, and fat people don't go as high!"~*~
al stuff
New Element
Torn City
Homokaasu
The Occultopedia
Max Moose
Fangoria
Puzuzu's Site
SatC Guide
mad reads
Portal of Evil
Something Awful
Satire Wire
N.A.!.P
i-mockery
Dead Bodies Inc
Dark Poetry
Dark Echo
Sex. Drugs. Bible.
sounds
Ministry of Sound
Fruity Loops
Slinky Online
Alumbra Bar
GodsKitchen
UK Dance Records
San!ty
inthemix.au
People Love Me
gay
GayDar
Hot Sex Stories!
Mogenic
Gay Authors
GGLN
QueerPlanet
Get awesome blog templates like this one from BlogSkins.com