https://www.ali-vip.com
Ali Larter Nude
Ali Larter Nude
Small breasted Ali Larter has appeared in nothing but whipped cream.
Makes me want to give her a banana split.
Ali Larter Nude
Pictures and Videos! Click Here!
Ali Larter Nude Videos
Click here to see Ali Larter Nude!
Other Blogs
Nude Celebrity Blogs
Britney Spears Nude
Anna Kournikova Nude
Christina Aguilera Nude
Elisha Cuthbert Nude
Janet Jackson Nude
Jennifer Aniston Nude
Jennifer Lopez Nude
Jennifer Love Hewitt Nude
Jessica Alba Nude
Kirsten Dunst Nude
Paris Hilton Nude
Scarlett Johansson Nude
Angelina Jolie Nude
Ali Larter Nude
Alicia Silverstone Nude
Alyson Hannigan Nude
Brittany Daniel Nude
Brittany Murphy Nude
Cameron Diaz Nude
Carmen Electra Nude
Catherine Bell Nude
Charlize Theron Nude
Christina Ricci Nude
Claire Forlani Nude
Daisy Fuentes Nude
Drew Berrymore Nude
Eliza Dushku Nude
Erika Christensen Nude
Eva Mendez Nude
Gwenyth Paltrow Nude
Halle Berry Nude
Heather Graham Nude
Jennifer Garner Nude
Jessica Biel Nude
Katherine Heigl Nude
Katie Holmes Nude
Keira Knightley Nude
Kylie Minogue Nude
Lindsay Lohan Nude
Lucy Liu Nude
Mandy Moore Nude
Mariah Carey Nude
Meg Ryan Nude
Melissa Joan Hart Nude
Michelle Trachtenberg Nude
Michelle Williams Nude
Mila Kunis Nude
Mischa Barton Nude
Naomi Watts Nude
Natalie Portman Nude
Nicole Kidman Nude
Nikki Cox Nude
Pamela Anderson Nude
Pink Nude
Rose McGowan Nude
Sarah Michelle Gellar Nude
Shania Twain Nude
Tara Reid Nude
Antonio Banderas Nude
Antonio Sabato Jr. Nude
Ben Affleck Nude
Brad Pitt Nude
Bruce Willis Nude
Colin Farell Nude
Elijah Wood Nude
Johnny Depp Nude
Johnny Knoxville Nude
Josh Hartnett Nude
Jude Law Nude
Justin Timberlake Nude
Keanu Reeves Nude
Matthew McConaughey Nude
Orlando Bloom Nude
Owen Wilson Nude
Paul Walker Nude
Russell Crowe Nude
Ryan Reynolds Nude
Seann William Scott Nude
Taye Diggs Nude
Tom Cruise Nude
Ciggo Mortensen Nude
Vin Diesel Nude
Will Smith Nude
Archives
Wednesday, March 03, 2004
Monday, March 08, 2004
Tuesday, March 09, 2004
Friday, March 19, 2004
Thursday, March 25, 2004
Tuesday, March 30, 2004
Thursday, April 01, 2004
Friday, May 14, 2004
Wednesday, September 08, 2004
Monday, November 22, 2004
Friday, January 21, 2005
Wednesday, March 02, 2005
Wednesday, March 30, 2005
Wednesday, March 30, 2005
Salman's Marigold, starring Ali Larter, blooms in the desert
Salman's Marigold blooms in the desert: "The story is about the romance that blooms between an Indian choreographer Prem (Salman Khan, using his favourite name borrowed from Sooraj Barjatya's cinema) and an American actress Marigold (Ali Larter) and Prem's Indian love interest Jahnvi (Nandana Sen).
Ali Larter'Willard Carroll seems to have studied the Bollywood conventions more closely and intimately than most of our own directors,' says Nandana. 'He seems to know our song and dance tradition better than us! I'm having a ball shooting with Salman and Ali.'
'I've worked with international crews earlier, and this one is as professional as it gets. They've got everything so much in place that I can't dream of taking a day off to visit my ailing grandmother in Shanti Niketan [in West Bengal] . There's just no room for even a small break,' she adds.
The Rajasthan schedule will conclude on April 10, and then the Marigold unit will move to Mumbai on May 12. The shooting will end mid-May, after a song is filmed on Salman and Ali."
- posted by Natalie @ 11:53 AM
Wednesday, March 02, 2005
'Marigold', with Ali Larter, finally takes off
'Marigold' finally takes off: "After months of speculation, after a series of loose talk [by the media], after many confirmations and denials, the dream project is all set to roll.
MARIGOLD, Salman Khan's first step towards Hollywood, is all set to take off in the third week of March this year. The Hollywood project, to be directed by Willard Carroll [PLAYING BY HEART; 1998; Sean Connery, Angelina Jolie, Gillian Anderson and Madeleine Stowe], will be shot in a start-to-finish schedule in Mumbai, Goa and Rajasthan.
Prior to its filming, the actors will undergo script rehearsals so as to get into the skin of the character. MARIGOLD will co-star Ali Larter as the leading lady. Meanwhile, a topnotch Indian investor is also backing the project.
To be made in English language, MARIGOLD is about an American actress who arrives in India for a film shoot. The shooting gets cancelled and she is stranded in India penniless. Salman meets this actress on the sets of a Bollywood film and they fall in love. "
- posted by Natalie @ 10:44 AM
Friday, January 21, 2005
Crazy, an Independent Feature Film Inspired by the Life of Legendary Guitarist Hank Garland, starring Ali Larter
westcoastmusic: Crazy, an Independent Feature Film Inspired by the Life of Legendary Guitarist Hank Garland: "'Crazy,' an independent feature film inspired by the life of legendary guitarist Hank Garland, began principal photography in Los Angeles on January 13 under the Favored Nations production banner; Ray Scherr and Steve Vai are executive producers. The film marks the directorial debut for Rick Bieber, following his prominent career as a producer on such acclaimed features as Flatliners, Made In America, and Radio Flyer. 'Crazy' stars Waylon Payne and Ali Larter as Hank and Evelyn Garland.
Co-written by Rick Bieber, Jason Ehlers and Brent Boyd, 'Crazy' is an original screenplay-from a story by Bieber -- based on the remarkable life of Hank Garland, who just passed away last December 27. The making of 'Crazy' was spearheaded by executive producer Ray Scherr, who met Hank Garland and his family almost a decade ago. Hank Garland was involved throughout the film's development, and the entire production team regrets that he didn't live to see it realized."
- posted by Natalie @ 11:42 AM
Monday, November 22, 2004
Ali Larter on dating
New York Daily News - Home - Lloyd Grove's Lowdown: How stars' dates go sour: "'Varsity Blues' actress Ali Larter, who wasn't wearing her whipped-cream bikini at the Saks Fifth Ave. Calvin Klein launch party (held to benefit the charity Step Up Women's Network), had her own gripes about the opposite sex.
'Some guy asked me to go Dutch, and I thought that was one of the most unromantic ways,' she confided. 'I think I ended up paying for dinner. It's you or me, baby, but not both - I'm an old-fashioned girl in that way. It was an L.A. guy, so I am living back in New York, honey.'"
- posted by Natalie @ 2:47 PM
Wednesday, September 08, 2004
Ali Larter in new musical "Marigold: An adventure in India"
Planet Bollywood - Special Feature - Bollywood Boom in Hollywood: "Salman Khan is another Bollywood gone Hollywood star who will be in the upcoming musical, "Marigold: An adventure in India" where he plays a dance instructor who teaches an American girl (Ali Larter) to dance in a Hindi film. This film is based as a comedy, which suits Mr. Salman very well.
After the success of cross-over movies such as "Bollywood/Hollywood" by Deepa Mehta and "Bend it Like Beckham" by Gurinder Chadda, does the Indian cinema have enough power to conquer Hollywood main stream? With fingers crossed, we shall only have to wait and see. "
- posted by Natalie @ 12:49 PM
Friday, May 14, 2004
The actress Keira Knightley grows up
IHT: The actress Keira Knightley grows up: "Had Keira Knightley's parents been doctors or police officers, it might have been a stethoscope or a toy pistol. But the only thing the daughter of the London stage actor Will Knightley and the Scottish-born playwright Sharman Macdonald wanted at the age of 3 was an agent. She got her way at 6, and, at 19, has been branded Hollywood's favorite rising star thanks to turns in 'Bend It Like Beckham' and 'Love Actually' and an attention-grabbing performance as a feisty, pouting, corset-clad damsel in distress in 'Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl.' This summer, she is a butt-kicking Guinevere in Antoine Fuqua's big-budget 'King Arthur,' with Clive Owen.
"
- posted by Natalie @ 7:45 AM
Thursday, April 01, 2004
Larter set to star in "Southland"
FilmStew.com - Daily News: "Set in Los Angeles in the year 2008, Southland follows a group of friends enduring a three-day heat wave as they prepare for a huge July 4th extravaganza. Seann William Scott is negotiating to take the lead in the film, with Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jason Lee, Janeane Garofalo, Tim Blake Nelson, Amy Poehler, Kevin Smith and Ali Larter eyeing key roles in the cast. The producers are also in discussion with Moby to contribute to the soundtrack."
- posted by Natalie @ 10:08 AM