https://www.aliascquinn.tumblr.com
C. Quinn
C. Quinn
index
message
history
my writings
submit
theme
A space for thinking and kinking, where words hopefully mean as much as flesh.
You can find all my poetry minus the porn on Instagram under the same handle. NSFW 18+
Reblog // 1,257 notes
Bedtime Question
lexiesdarkthoughts:
lexiesdarkthoughts:
Hey all you Doms and subs out there… I have a question!
How do you make (and enforce) a bedtime rule for a sub when the Dom goes to bed before the sub?
In our case, Ahab goes to bed two hours before me and it would be impractical for me to go to bed when he does because of our work schedules.  Also we aren’t living together right now, but will be in a few months.
Any advice or experiences would be super helpful!
Reblogging for the night crew.  Help y’all!
If it’s feasible for your budget, you could get a FitBit (or offbrand device) as these devices often have a feature which tracks sleeping patterns. These usually have a time stamp feature that shows when you fell asleep and how well you slept. This would give your partner the ability to know when you’re sleeping and it would enable them to see how long/how well you’re sleeping, as these devices track periods of restlessness, how many times you wake up, and total time spent asleep.
Personally I have found a nightly message helps calm my partner and gets her in the right frame of mind, with me feeling very present, for her to sleep. Then when she wakes and greets me, she accompanies that message with a screenshot of the FitBit’s data from the night before and I can see that she slept and how well she slept.
I can check the timestamp vs her goodnight message, and it enables me to know she has behaved herself. In your case, I assume your partner would simply check the timestamp against your instructed bedtime.
Hope this helps!
@lexiesdarkthoughts
Reblog // 20 notes
Me:
*wants innocent playful cuddles and tickle-fighting that turns into aggressive, bed-shaking passionate sex*
Reblog // 760 notes
Anonymous: What was the last punishment you had someone do and for what?
The last punishment I had someone do was an exercise in humiliation and degradation. She behaved mindlessly and in the heat of the moment brought herself over the edge of ecstasy without permission. ‘In the heat of the moment’ is no casual turn of phrase. She was a slave to her basic need; a dog in heat. I told her that if she was going to behave like a poorly mannered pup she’d be treated like one too. Dumb little puppy that she is, she didn’t yet realize that this was going to be hard on her. First, I denied her water and let her thirst build. She was confused, whiny even, not yet understanding why I took away her right to water. Eventually she started begging - she knows how to ask for things. I took her a little by surprise when I asked her where dumb puppies drink from. ‘A dish on the floor?’ she asked, humiliation already teasing its way into her voice. She thinks she’s people sometimes and it’s so fucking cute to see her get embarrassed.‘No, that’s where smart puppies drink from. Where do dumb puppies drink from, because they aren’t smart enough to know any better?” I chided, and I’m sure she could already hear the hard lines of the unforgiving smile on my face. The drawling exaggeration of her status certainly didn’t soften the question. A soft ‘oh no no no’ was her only response for a while. Then, after being prompted a few more times… ‘The toilet, Sir?’.Bingo. I had her kneel in front of the toilet, turn on the camera, and tell me what she is. Not halfway, either. ‘Hi, my name is ____, and I’m a dumb puppy.’ Then she proved that’s what she is, on camera. She drank loudly and as instructed her face came up dripping wet. It was a beautiful moment and a decisively well-learned lesson. As always, she thanked me after.
Reblog // 12 notes
Anonymous: You're one of my favorite blogs that I follow, just out of curiosity, how would you describe a the perfect Dom?
This is an interesting question. How does one describe a shadow, without first describing light?Not that I necessarily think Dominants are shadow and submissives are light, mind you. Rather, I want to illustrate the idea that you can’t define one exactly without the other. You certainly can’t describe an ‘ideal’ Dominant without having a particular submissive in mind. Being Dominant is a broad character trait, in my experience, that encompasses many individual characteristics. A single person can contain many, maybe even most, of these traits; however there is no One Size Fits All Rainbow Dom who masters every aspect of every submissive who ever walked the Earth. A masochist is going to describe the perfect Dom with some level of sadistic flavoring thrown in, depending on his/her tolerances. A little might never want to feel more than the reprimanding sting of a Daddy/Mommy/Caregiver’s firm hand on their backside. Or less physically: one submissive might want a Dominant who is very patient and takes a lot of time guiding him or her in a gentle manner, carefully explaining everything that might happen as many times as necessary before ever engaging in play. Another submissive might crave a slightly aloof Dominant with rigid expectations, a partner who communicates their expectations once, entertains questions once, and then expects every effort to be as fastidiously correct as possible. Hell, that submissive could be the same person at two different points in his or her life. Internal factors/personality traits can shape this, preferences and past experience can shape this, even external factors such as what other influences are present in a person’s life can shape this. I think that fundamentally, we are far too complex for one size shoe to fit all. We look for those that complement us, whether that comes in the form of one exactly fitting partner or a multiple partner situation, where many points meet and find harmony. Your mileage will inevitably vary. In short I don’t think there is such a thing as a universally perfect Dom, but there very well may be one (or more) perfect Doms for You.
Reblog // 3 notes
Submit or ask questions or something just hmu
Reblog // 2 notes
Reblog // 1,252 notes
fawnbabe:
well mannered boys who are into kinky shit behind closed doors
respectful boys who spank you til you’re bruised
calm boys who only lose it when someone else touches you
@sydneyrenee55
Reblog // 401,859 notes
Hey
aliascquinn:
Let’s make #activebdsmblog and/or #activekinkblog a thing. It would make it easy to find y’all if I didn’t have to guess where you hyphenate or put in spaces or slashes or anything in your tags for your various kinks.
Reblog // 9 notes
kinkyawesome: hey, love your blog.
A suggestion: change to a theme that will allow me to read your captions from your home page?
I… absolutely agree with you. That’s a great point; I hardly ever use Tumblr on desktop but I completely see your reasoning. However, it’s been such a long time now that I would have to set aside actually significant time in order to re-learn how to do a theme. Any savvy followers want to send me a quick how to, or perhaps suggest a suitably eye-catching theme I could entertain the notion of transitioning to?P.S. - LMGTFY links will be met with narrowed eyes, brats.
Reblog // 1 note
Anonymous: Can you tell me more about your experience with tpe? I'm trying to research it; it's something my partner has experience in but I'd like to form my own objective opinion before moving forward. I really loved your explanation to the anon earlier, it helped me to understand better just how much power I'm giving up. What can you recommend in terms of reading, study, or just advice?
I can do my best and I appreciate the request. I will preface this with the fact that I have not done extensive or varied reading on TPE. I’ve discussed it with a few partners and a few peers, but for the most part I’ve figured this out on my own. So I can offer help, but likely only inasmuch as my experiences might form some contextual relevance to making sense of TPE as an idea.  The first step is, of course, communication. As I alluded to in the previous post, this is a lot deeper than you might think. Planting the seeds for TPE requires a genuine desire to get to know everything there is about your partner. Strengths and weaknesses. (By the way, I’m going to use the pronouns I’m familiar with for a M/s dynamic with a male dominant/female slave, just out of force of habit and the fact that this is specifically viewed through my own personal lens, but that is not meant to marginalize anyone.) The submissive partner needs to feel comfortable with sharing all of herself if she’s going to fully submit in this way. He needs to really think about what it means for her - to surrender yourself completely to someone else - what she’s giving up, and what she’s hoping to gain.By telling him her goals and her strengths, she’s telling him that sometimes she’s afraid that she can’t achieve them on her own and needs a guiding force to keep her on the right track. She’s telling him that even in the areas she believes she is strong, she still wants his strength guiding her. By telling him her fears and weaknesses, she’s handing him the tools to destroy her, and trusting that he will use the control it affords him in order to improve her life.  And it goes far beyond “I know what you like and don’t like.” I know your goals, I know how to motivate and encourage you. You want to be a dancer? I can make sure that your schedule always has classes in it, that our special date nights involve seeing performers you want to study and emulate. You see the point. But those days where you are too lazy to get out of bed? You’re moving, because my hands will make you. That overpriced shopping trip you want to take at the end of the month? I know you have to keep within a certain control so that you can fund your passions, as well as your vices. On the flip side, fear. I don’t just know what you’re afraid of, I know what button to push to make you fall apart. I know that crippling fear of drowning, I know that you can’t say no to that one best friend of yours. I can leverage your terror into motivation, but I can also make sure my hand doesn’t leave your waist on the ferry. I can use your friend as the perfect foil to reinforce boundaries, to help you learn how to put yourself first when it’s necessary, or I can use her against you and get her on my side when I want to achieve a specific goal. If you let someone this far in, and establish to yourself that they deserve obedience, you are linking yourself to them so very very powerfully. Do your best to not underestimate that. I think the first starting point on this is trying to imagine where you think your personal lines are. Where the limits of surrender are for you, both what you need and what you can’t tolerate. As you’re thinking about power exchange, these are the things that sound like “I would never do X” or the things that sound like “I absolutely need to be doing Y”. Having those basics hammered out is a really good starting point for the conversation with your partner, or if you’re still in the research stage it could give you an idea of what you really specifically want to look into. Keep in mind this is just the starting point. It is only going to look like a small part of the whole of your interests, because you want to ease into things in a sane manner. For example, my slave is extremely into mental bondage, behavior modification, and is committed to bettering herself in line with however I choose to define “bettering herself.” But to suggest that’s all that TPE means to her or to me would be reductionist in the extreme - find your basic starting point and then consciously remind yourself it is just a starting point. Then I would recommend doing two other things. First, think about what would be the easiest way for you to take a mental step back and evaluate if you’re okay with where you’re at, at least a few times early on in the process. It can be so easy to get sucked into a relationship that you’re not completely okay with simply because it’s hitting a lot of the right buttons, and then feel like you can’t discuss the problem areas because “maybe that’s just how this works”. Don’t fall prey to this. Figure out a plan and communicate it to your partner - they should be honestly enthusiastic about making sure that you have what you need to feel mentally stable. Then secondly, ask yourself a really honest personal question. Ask yourself which of your limits feel unquestionable, and which feel… less set in stone. In TPE, when so many inhibitions and masks get stripped away, when decisions are made for you, terms like “soft limit” and “hard limit” start to make a lot more sense. Those feelings you keep a secret even from your partner, the thoughts and fantasies that seem so dark and fucked up that no one else could possibly get off to, much less ever do… they all happen. People do all kinds of crazy things in pursuit of sensation. Ask yourself if you’re really willing to confront those parts of yourself. Are you willing to pull those secrets, some of which you may even be ashamed of, out into the light? Because as you tread further down the path of TPE, you will start losing secrets. Shedding masks. It’s a natural evolution of the process. You need to really consider if you’re willing to let your partner know you in that way. You need to consider if you’re willing to know yourself in that way.
Reblog // 7 notes
theme by modernise