https://www.aliceblogs.blogspot.com
Alice's Wonderland
January 13, 2016
Reykjavik!
Baby update first:
We had our first regular ob/gyn appointment yesterday now that we've officially been released from the IVF world, and everything looked great. The fetus was measuring exactly 9w2d, which was precisely how old it should be, and we finally got to hear the heartbeat this time instead of just peering uncertainly at a grainy flicker on the screen. The doctor assured us that our risk of miscarriage at this point is down to about 3%, since the fetus is measuring appropriately with a strong heartbeat. This would be slightly more reassuring if it weren't also the super-low, never-gonna-happen probability I was going to get OHSS ;-) But still, I'll take it! Even though I'm 35 and thus technically of "advanced maternal age" in fertility-land, our doctor has decreed me low risk. On the one hand this is good, since it means everything looks exceedingly normal to him, and that I'm in good health, etc. On the other hand, it means I'm down to monthly appointments and won't get another reassuring peek into what's going on in there for FOUR MORE WEEKS!! Considering I was going every other day for a good stretch there, this is going to be an awfully long month.
On to Europe!
Iceland was positively enchanting. Freezing cold, but enchanting. I'm not sure I'd do another January trip in the near future, but I absolutely would go back, in a heartbeat. We sadly didn't catch the lights while we were there, but partly because after an unsuccessful first attempt, I was far too exhausted the second night to try again. My warm bed was just too tempting for a nauseated, nap-needing pregnant lady.
And Ireland... man. A heretofore dormant part of my somewhat dubious Irish heritage apparently clawed its way out of the depths of my psyche while we toured around the Western countryside, because I found myself thinking preposterous thoughts like, "I could totally see us settling down in a thatch-roofed cottage and owning sheep! This just feels... right!" Note to self: you would hate that. But Irish alter-ego made a pretty good case for becoming sheep-herding country folk, at the time.
I, of course, took roughly 40 billion photos, so rather than vomiting them all into one post I think I'll go slow and steady over the next week, focusing on one thing at a time. For starters: Reykjavik!
We arrived at something ungodly like 5:20am, but by the time we got through customs, got our bags, and were transported nearly an hour from the airport in Keflavík to downtown, it was after 7am. Most hotels in downtown Reykjevik seem to be apartment style (or B&Bs), meaning it's a bunch of dorm-style rooms, often with with mini kitchens, but no front desk. So upon arrival we called the number at the door to have the landlord / owner come let us in. It ended up being quite a to-do (despite emailing multiple times, and then calling and confirming that arriving so early would be OK, whoever I talked to apparently never passed that message on to the owner, who was in quite the kerfuffled state at our arrival time) but the owner came careening up the street in his ancient, tiny, Mexican-made car that seemed altogether unsuitable for 6" of freshly fallen unplowed snow, and ushered us into the vehicle rather than into the building, since he had another hotel/apartment where we'd be able to sleep until noon instead of 10:30, and where he also had to start making breakfast for other guests in approximately 5 minutes. So off we careened down the dark snowy streets, in a complete stranger's car, hoping for the best.
It of course was fine, and he deposited us into a bare-bones but workable room in his second location, where we promptly passed out for 3 glorious hours, awakening to the view above. Light! And goodness.. that's a lot of snow! Those snow boots I panic-ordered 3 days before the trip were an immediate and welcome payoff!
Our intent was to head to the main downtown area for lunch, stopping by what I had read was the best bakery in Reykjavik on the way, but as we started our trek I was catching glimpses of the harbor through the cross streets, with this amazing pink light reflecting off the water, the snowy cliffs, and sky. I was like a moth to a flame: I had to go down to the water.
Since the sun is only up for about 5 hours a day at this time of year, it also never actually gets very far up in the sky. So for the entire duration of daylight, the quality of light is this magical almost-sunset glow.
I couldn't get enough of it. I'm not sure these pictures are even doing it justice. I was basically just wandering around the path at the edge of the water with a dopey heart-eye-emoji expression permanently plastered to my face.
And then, within seconds... it was snowing. Heavily.
Sure, whatever Reykjavik. You do you.
But that building up there? That's the Harpa, a nearly-brand-new concert hall that I had read was really cool on the inside and worth a poke around, so we popped in to take a look (and get a break from the cold!)
::cue me standing immobile, jaw hanging open::
I mean. Would you take a look at this place.
It is GORGEOUS. I don't think there's a single right angle in the place. The ceiling is entirely made up of layered mirrored plates, and the walls are these three dimensional honeycomb-like plates that diffuse the light in the most amazing way.
Ahhhh.
Anyway! After that we did actually make it to the main downtown area, where neither the streets nor the sidewalks were plowed or cleared in any way whatsoever, nor did anyone seem to think that odd.
After a lunch stop (a giant bowl of lobster tails for Chris; fish and chips for me) we headed out on what ended up being a highly non-viable trip to what was supposed to be the hip new area of town, but was more like wandering around one of those sprawling big box Costco complexes on foot (eg, not ideal. Everything is really far away from everything else and all other visitors were in cars. Also there was even less snow trampling there than around the rest of the city due to the lack of pedestrians, so we were tromping through a good foot of snow at that point). While the initial goal was not realized, we did end up at another sea wall with more amazing views.
So, totally worth it.
OK! That's a good start.. I'm almost done editing the 18263517243 photos from our Golden Circle tour, so hopefully those to come soon.
Posted by
Alice
at
4:02 PM
3 comments:
Labels:
first trimester,
Iceland,
pregnancy,
Reykjavik,
travel!
December 31, 2015
Heartbeats and travel plans
Baby news first:
I had my first official o/b ultrasound last week (everything else has technically been an OHSS u/s up until this point) and they were able to re-confirm the presence of a tiny heartbeat. I was 6w4d at the time, but was measuring 6w2d. The heart rate was 118 (normal range is 115-125 for that gestational age). I was overjoyed to see the nugget was still in there, but pretty paralyzed with anxiety as well: in my last pregnancy, when I went in for my first just-past-8-week ultrasound, the baby was measuring nearly a full week behind. I didn't know it at the time, but measuring small/behind is an indicator of problems. (Not always! There are plenty of success stories for women who measured behind / small / early and everything was fine! But it's one of those things that CAN be an indicator of Woes To Come.) By the time I went in for a follow up u/s 2 weeks later, there was no heartbeat. That was obviously pretty traumatizing, so hearing that my 6 week old fetus was already measuring small was tough for me. The doctor was not at all concerned though, and said that it was completely within the normal range for that phase. I did a shitload of googling when I got home, and the consensus did appear to be that a few days off in measurements so early really was not too concerning, considering they are measuring millimeters on a screen at this point and 1 mm off in measurement can translate to a few days of gestational time. Basically, the margin of error is pretty high on such tiny measurements. This was somewhat gratifying to hear but did not in any way tamp down my anxiety.
I didn't sleep much before my appointment yesterday, and they were uncharacteristically short staffed at the office so we ended up waiting in the u/s room for a full 25 minutes before the doctor and tech came in to pop the dildo cam in. (Unconfirmed, but I suspect I may have had an actual stroke during that time.) To my shaky-handed relief, the heartbeat was still there. S/he's now actually measuring 2 days AHEAD, and the heart rate was a reassuring 155 bpm.
I am beyond relieved. I am starting to finally feel like this might be real, it might actually work out this time. I'm starting to allow myself to believe there might be a viable fetus in there.
I've officially "graduated" from the IVF facility and have my first "normal" ob/gyn visit scheduled for when I return from our trip. I doubt I will ever have a restful night's sleep before ultrasounds any more, but this is as much as I possibly could have hoped for from this last visit. The OHSS symptoms have all but cleared up, my ovaries are continuing to (slowly) shrink down to normal size, and while there is still a little fluid hanging on, it's not enough to cause issues or concern. And the fetus is strong and on track. (As I tell him/her/it regularly, he had BETTER be strong and hold on at this point, because you do NOT get to cause this much trouble and then give up! DO YOU HEAR ME FETUS?)
But also! The trip!
We leave tomorrow, which I am fully unprepared for, although I did finally book us some hotel rooms and train tickets in Ireland, which was a big gaping to-do on my list. I've been somewhat frantically Amazon Prime-ing several important items (like gloves! and warm socks!) and just realized last night that all the nice warm winter sweaters that I thought were stored under my bed were, in fact, apparently all tossed last year (justifiably, as they had become pretty ratty). But this does mean that I need to acquire a few warm sweaters, like, today. Although I do also need to look up the forecasts for where we'll be to see what the weather even will be, come to think of it. So prepared! As you can see!
The one thing I have done is packed up all the myriad medications I will require during the trip, including the prescription info for each, because I'm not sure how well it's going to go when I try to waltz through security with 8 syringes in my carry on. But since pregnancy = risk of blood clots, and flying = risk of blood clots, and OHSS = significant risk of blood clots, the combination of all three = I definitely need those blood thinners for this trip. Hope the TSA agrees.
I'm pretty bummed that I won't be able to eat some of the INCREDIBLY FASCINATING foods that can be found in Iceland, like fermented shark, or the huge tempting selection of not-entirely-cooked seafood like gravlax. On the other hand, my nausea levels are pretty high right now so even without the no-uncooked-food restriction that may have been off the table for me. Alas.
Weirdest current pregnancy symptom: my scalp hurts SO MUCH. Apparently it's because it's super dry, but it's amazingly tender as a result. It's excruciating to brush my hair after a shower. I've never experienced anything like it. It's apparently not super common, but is a definite known 1st trimester symptom for some lucky ladies. I'll take it if I can continue to refrain from any actual upchucking though.
Posted by
Alice
at
1:04 PM
8 comments:
Labels:
first trimester,
pregnancy,
travel!
December 21, 2015
Week 6 (!) update
OK! So, a week out, and I'm still feeling pretty good! I went in on Friday and there is still fluid up in there, but as the doctor so eloquently put it, "it's not looking so much like Lake Meade anymore." I've been relaxing my Gatorade-and-chicken diet as a result and I'm hoping my ultrasound tomorrow doesn't show that this was a terrible idea. But you guys. I didn't like Gatorate BEFORE this. I now actively hate Gatorade. I never want to drink Gatorade ever again in my life. And chicken! I've never minded chicken, but as the easiest source of lean protein at my disposal, I have had way. way. WAY. too. much. of it over the past few weeks. I want a solid 2 weeks chicken-free. At least. Give me 2 weeks of carbs and fats, please.
Except... maybe don't, because as I am gloriously coming out of the OHSS haze, I am starting to enter the morning sickness phase, which seems pretty unfair but then again HEY! NOT OHSS so nevermind, I'm not complaining. There's nothing like starting a pregnancy with OHSS to make the rest of the first trimester woes pale in comparison, as I'm now learning!
As for the pregnancy, it still seems.. you know, there. My last checkup coincided with the 6 week mark almost exactly, so in addition to checking on the OHSS, they also pulled up a nice view of the gestational sac, which is happily there and in the right place (aka, not in a fallopian tube or something) and they were even able to get a tiny flicker of a heartbeat to show up. So! That is all excellent!
It's a kind of weird place for me though, because I have been so distracted by fighting the OHSS that I haven't really been able to mentally or emotionally acknowledge the pregnancy itself. Plus... I've been this pregnant before. I've had a positive test and I've seen the heartbeat, and supposedly once you see a heartbeat your risk of miscarriage drops dramatically, but that was obviously not my experience. So it's hard to get too invested in this yet. Which seems kind of cynical I guess? But also necessary, right now.
(Dangit! Accidentally hit publish too early. All posts in feed readers will now end on that bummer of a sentence. Boo!)
ANYWAY. Things are chugging along well: everything that should be decreasing - like fluid levels and swollen ovaries and alarming bloodwork numbers - continues to go down, and everything that should be increasing, like tiny fetuses, are so far continuing to grow. Keep it up, ovaries! And tiny fetuses!
Next up, another check up tomorrow, then we're headed to NJ for several days to spend Christmas with my family. I'm very excited to give several of this year's gifts! I think we did good with a bunch of them and can't wait see people open them. Our Christmases are pretty low key: we have friends over for Christmas Eve dinner, then Christmas is just immediate family - and then we usually lie around in our pjs all day, or go see a movie. If only I could partake in all the boozy parts, it would be just about ideal :)
Posted by
Alice
at
3:00 PM
8 comments:
Labels:
OHSS,
pregnancy
December 14, 2015
Turning a corner....?
::ALL THINGS EVERYWHERE CROSSED::
I'm now 6 full days out from my latest aspiration and I feel.... pretty OK, actually. I had another check up this morning, and while there is still fluid hanging out in my midsection, especially in my upper abdomen, the areas around my ovaries are looking waaay better. And I feel better. Like.. more human. Capable of handling (small chunks) of life. I will take it! Happily! Please and thank you! Let's keep this up, body!
Meanwhile the betas continue to go up, still peskily refusing to double, but the doctors still seem OK with it. They went from 715 on Wednesday to 1242 on Friday, and I'll get another reading later today. Then, assuming I don't relapse, no more appointments until FRIDAY! When I'll be just about 6 weeks, and they can start hopefully looking for some baby bits in there too.
One weird consequence of things finally starting to level out a bit (LET'S HOPE) is I no longer know the cause for, like, anything that I'm feeling. We went to the mall for a few hours on Saturday to pick up some gear for Iceland, and I had to abruptly cut the trip short because hey! I need to go lie down! Like... rightnow! So we went back home, where I settled into the couch with my feet up to rest... and promptly fell sound asleep for two full hours, at 3pm in the afternoon. After sleeping for nine hours the previous night. So, hormones? OHSS? Pregnancy? ANYONE'S GUESS!
So for now I just hope for good betas today, hope the fluid continues to drain, and hope that I can stop drinking two gatorades a day sometime very soon.
Posted by
Alice
at
11:41 AM
8 comments:
Labels:
fertility,
IVF,
OHSS,
pregnancy
December 10, 2015
Moar OHSS
After writing that post on Monday, I got a call from the office: my doctor had seen my bloodwork and fluid-filled ultrasounds, and moved the aspiration up to Tuesday instead of Wednesday. This was highly fine by me because I was miisssserabllle at that point. My nurse called at about 1:45 with that news, advised that I should definitely keep on with the protein and gatorade, and by the way, I was home, right? I admitted that no, I was at the office, but planning to leave soon because it was getting to be too much. "OH MY. Yes. Leave now. Do you need a note? I can write them a note. Please go home right now."
I left shortly after that and was in tears for most of the ride home, because... just, everything. I was having terrible thoughts, wondering if it would be better for the fetus not to make it, because at least then I could recover from the OHSS. Which obviously is NOT what I want. But it was getting increasingly hard to face an undetermined amount of time dealing with this when there was nothing I could do to treat it, stop it, or have any idea of when it would fix itself. It's unbelievable to me that I've only been dealing with this for a week - one week! - because it feels like an eternity. And the thought that it could continue for several MORE weeks, when I was in such a bad state... it was no good.
I had another night of failing to sleep because everything was terrible, then worked from home for the morning ("worked") and headed back up to the treatment center Tuesday afternoon. On Monday, I had been all "oh yeah, let's try to wait until Wednesday, it certainly can't be good for me to go under anesthesia so frequently!" On Tuesday I could barely make the car ride without crying every time we turned, swerved, hit a bump, accelerated, you name it. I was VERY READY for some effing anesthesia if it meant GETTING THIS OUT OF ME.
This time they got out 2.4 liters. That is considerably more than one of those big bottles of soda. The doctor who performed the procedure came by to see me afterwards and was like, "Two and a half liters is a LOT for someone your size! You must have felt terrible!" Yes. Yes, I did.
But of course the benefit of getting drained is IMMEDIATE relief, so I felt a lot better than that sad picture up there as soon as I woke up. I more or less hadn't eaten in 2 days at that point (Tuesday in preparation for the anesthesia; Monday because I had run out of room for food) so we went straight to a pho place where I downed a very respectably sized - and protein-filled - bowl of soup.
I went back in Wednesday morning for follow up bloodwork and an ultrasound to see how my insides looked. At this point I was about 15 hours post-draining... and I already had some pockets of fluid back. WHAT THE HELL BODY JESUS H CHRIST ON A CRACKER. The pockets were still comparably small, at least, and were still just in my lower abdomen around the ol' ovaries, nothing (yet) up higher where it starts making it hard to breathe.
The good news is we're now another day out and I have not yet ballooned out fully, so I'm hopeful that this time maybe I'll be slower to refill. I finally have had 2 good nights' sleep in a row - much more manageable without a grossly distended stomach! - and I am feeling exponentially better as a result. But good gods I would love to also kick this freaking thing.
And now for some numbers! My first beta was early, at 8dp5dt (this is how every post on IVF/fertility message boards look, by the way. They are entirely in code, and I frequently have to google these abbreviations in order to follow along. 8dp5dt = 8 days post 5 day transfer, meaning my blastocyst was 5 days old when they transferred it, and my beta was done on the 8th day after transfer... or what would be 13 days after ovulation in a normal person).
8dp5dt (13 dpo) = 223
11dp5dt (16 dpo) = 475
13dp5dt (18 dpo) = 715
So the numbers are going up, which is reassuring, but they are not quite doubling each time, which is traditionally what you want. They assure me that this is OK in my case, because my blood volumes are so messed up right now. Hopefully they are not just saying that to placate me.. I'd rather know up front if they are concerned so that I can manage my own expectations. But for now I'll assume numbers going up = good and leave it at that. And obsessively checking my numbers against online databases for reassurance, naturally.
Posted by
Alice
at
10:54 AM
7 comments:
Labels:
fertility,
IVF,
OHSS,
pregnancy
December 07, 2015
OHSS: increasingly intolerant side eye
I am so very over OHSS, which is unfortunate for me, because my body shows no signs of letting up. On the one hand, that's a "good sign" because it indicates I'm still chugging away with the pregnancy hormones. On the other hand, I feel like shit warmed over.
I went back in early this morning to see how I was progressing after they removed those 2 liters from me on Friday. Turns out I've filled right back up! While I'm obviously really uncomfortable again, I am not (yet) having difficulty breathing, as I was last week, which apparently is because my body is "getting used to" having several liters of rogue liquid making itself at home in my midsection. THIS DOES NOT SEEM LIKE SOMETHING YOU SHOULD ALLOW YOURSELF TO ACCLIMATE TO, BODY. They're hoping to wait until Wednesday to drain me out this time, so they can get out more. Also because I assume going under anesthesia and getting minor surgery multiple times a week is not exactly ideal.
I'm at work today but... man. I don't know if I can do this. If I need to wait until Wednesday, I think I need to do it lying down. (If I need/want to make the appointment for earlier, they were clear that I absolutely can and it's my call.)
One of the problems is that I can't sleep when I've got 2 liters of fluid in me. Lying flat does make it hard to breathe. Lying propped up has started painfully kinking my lower back. My pulse is hanging out at about 130 right now which isn't very... restful. There's not a lot of sleeping going on either way, basically. So adding exhaustion onto this is not making me particularly gracious about.. well, anything. I'm grumpy. And uncomfortable as shit. And so very tired.
I just keep reminding myself I'm glad I'm not at hospitalization levels. My lower extremities are not swelling. I've only ("only") got 4 pounds or so in me right now. Things could be far worse.
I would like it to stop, regardless. The doctors think it's likely that I have 1 - 2 more drainings in me before the OHSS resolves. I really hope that's all. From what I've read, even once the OHSS starts to dissipate, it can still take weeks for your abdomen to go back down to normal. Which means I have a shot of immediately shooting up to looking 4 months pregnant and just... staying there. Until I actually am 4 months pregnant. WHAT THE HELL.
Second beta results later today, to hopefully get the news that this little jerk is thriving in spite of its effects on me ;-)
Posted by
Alice
at
12:15 PM
9 comments:
Labels:
fertility,
IVF,
OHSS
December 05, 2015
OHSS & first beta update
So after confirming that I had a good case of OHSS percolating, I went up to the treatment center late yesterday for the "fluid aspiration" procedure. It's done the same way as the egg retrieval, turns out: a big needle through the ol' vaginal wall once again, but instead of going into the ovary to get eggs, it's going into all the pockets around my ovaries to suck out the collected fluid. They had me nearly sitting up for the procedure this time (I mean, also still legs splayed and thank god still knocked out) so that the fluid up around my diaphragm and lungs would basically trickle down via gravity as space opened up.
The good news is the procedure offers INSTANT relief. As soon as I started waking up I could tell my abdomen was flatter and I could breathe far more easily. And since they took out nearly TWO LITERS of fluid - that's like 4 pounds!! - it's easy to see why the relief was so sudden and pronounced.
The bad news is the procedure is treating a symptom only: there is no guarantee this will not keep happening or even get worse. Especially since... drumroll... they did my first beta with my morning's blood work, and it came back at 223.
That means we're pregnant!
I mean, obviously this is still RULL RULL early, it doesn't mean we're out of the woods by any means, but still pretty exciting :)
However, it confirms that I'm definitely not out of the woods on the OHSS front either, since the pregnancy hormones will continue to agitate the situation over the coming weeks, should I remain pregnant.
So for now that means keep on with the Gatorade, make sure I'm getting a lot of lean protein, which apparently helps patch up the holey veins, and take it as easy as possible.
(Apparently the clinical term for when the veins get leaky like this is "fenestrated," which my doctor described as going from a normal window to a screen window. I immediately knew what he meant though, because I will always and forever remember the definition of the word due to the Defenestration of Prague. Did anyone else learn about that in highschool history, or just my weird class?)
Anyway. I also need to start blood thinners, since my bloodwork came back "pretty high" (he told me what exactly was high, but they were words I'd never heard before so I definitely do not remember them) - but basically as the blood leaks its fluid out, it becomes thicker and "sludgier" which puts it at higher risk for clots. And the way to administer the blood thinner? Injections!! For 8 to 10 weeks! So I'm back to stabbing myself in the stomach daily for the next 3 months! Yaaaaaaaaay!
All in all I certainly wish I was not going through this, BUT I feel oddly lucky, because a lot of my symptoms are in what many online sources classify as the "severe" bucket - the difficulty breathing, dehydrated enough to be at risk for clots (at the treatment center yesterday I went through both a "concentrated" IV bag as well as a normal "big bag" of IV fluids - then came home and drank 2 Gatorades and all the broth (and ate all the protein-rich kidney beans!) from a can of soup - and still did not pee for nearly 12 hours). But I have not retained a truly dramatic amount of fluid - some people put on like 20+ lbs during this - and so far I'm not at the hospitalization level, which most severe cases require. So what I'm saying is things could definitely be worse.
And, first beta was good! So it's hard being TOO mad, knowing the cause :)
Posted by
Alice
at
9:35 AM
8 comments:
Labels:
fertility,
IVF,
OHSS
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About me
Alice
i ramble.
a lot.
you've been warned.
View my complete profile
I like mail
email me!
Search this blog
Loading...
Archives
Archives
January 2016 (1)
December 2015 (8)
November 2015 (9)
October 2015 (1)
September 2015 (2)
August 2015 (4)
July 2015 (3)
June 2015 (8)
May 2015 (7)
April 2014 (1)
October 2013 (1)
September 2013 (1)
August 2013 (2)
July 2013 (1)
June 2013 (2)
May 2013 (2)
March 2013 (1)
December 2012 (1)
November 2012 (1)
October 2012 (2)
August 2012 (3)
July 2012 (2)
June 2012 (2)
May 2012 (2)
April 2012 (1)
March 2012 (4)
February 2012 (4)
January 2012 (6)
December 2011 (5)
November 2011 (4)
October 2011 (4)
September 2011 (8)
August 2011 (6)
July 2011 (6)
June 2011 (4)
April 2011 (5)
March 2011 (6)
February 2011 (4)
January 2011 (5)
December 2010 (4)
November 2010 (7)
October 2010 (5)
September 2010 (2)
August 2010 (3)
July 2010 (4)
June 2010 (6)
May 2010 (4)
April 2010 (6)
March 2010 (7)
February 2010 (3)
January 2010 (5)
December 2009 (5)
November 2009 (8)
October 2009 (10)
September 2009 (6)
August 2009 (7)
July 2009 (11)
June 2009 (12)
May 2009 (7)
April 2009 (9)
March 2009 (9)
February 2009 (9)
January 2009 (11)
December 2008 (10)
November 2008 (10)
October 2008 (11)
September 2008 (12)
August 2008 (12)
July 2008 (10)
June 2008 (16)
May 2008 (13)
April 2008 (16)
March 2008 (14)
February 2008 (16)
January 2008 (10)
December 2007 (8)
November 2007 (8)
October 2007 (4)
September 2007 (14)
August 2007 (9)
July 2007 (8)
June 2007 (4)
June 2006 (1)
May 2006 (6)
April 2006 (7)
March 2006 (9)
February 2006 (11)
January 2006 (12)
December 2005 (6)
November 2005 (11)
October 2005 (11)
September 2005 (11)
August 2005 (11)
July 2005 (7)
June 2005 (12)
May 2005 (5)
I'm watching you..
Simple template. Template images by Ollustrator. Powered by Blogger.