https://www.alimyer.tumblr.com
Alison Myer
Random
Mobile
Archives
RSS
Alison Myer
I like beauty in the female form. If it arouses me I like to post and share. Most of these images do not belong to me. They are for fun and personal entertainment only. Strictly over 18 year olds only.
I like girls. I like fun.
I am made up of around 90 gorgeous elements in the form of some really sexy compounds. 90% of my body mass is water and I'm using - get this - radio-active isotopes to run my hormonal systems such as the endocrine and my nervous system. My chromosome structures have rather chic trace elements, some even precious. My bones are structural calcites but, wait for it! - I have cells that have constituent minerals.
My tears alone contain at least 35 identified elements, so please don't make me cry.
I personally use phosphorus to make up my ATP which is a special trick I've developed as an energy source of my cells, I know its fashionable these days, in fact almost everyone is using it, but I love it. My DNA also contains phosphorus, and that is unlikely to change.
Oh! and let me tell you about iodine, my thyroids couldn't live without it.
And for me sodium is also essential, gosh I really also couldn't live without it either, I just love the way ions transport across my cell membranes.
To be honest with you I'm really just four major elements in the following proportions 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, but I'm also using 3% nitrogen, 2% calcium, 1% phosphorus, and 1% other elements.
Please don't ask me to send x-rays; I'm just not that sort of girl.
Ask me anything
Search
Please, type your search and hit enter:
hey
∞Posted on November 5, 2012
Reminder about your invitation from Alison Myer
LinkedIn
∞Posted on January 9, 2012
Reminder about your invitation from Alison Myer
LinkedIn
∞Posted on January 2, 2012
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
LinkedIn
∞Posted on December 19, 2011
There is something about this lady.
∞Posted on November 15, 2011
Click for high-res version
Divine
∞Posted on September 21, 2011
Reblogged from: Alex Nevermore
Notes: 6 notes
Tags: nude,passion,sun,Summer,inspiration,sexy,passion,girl,
Click for high-res version
∞Posted on September 21, 2011
Reblogged from: Alex Nevermore
Notes: 13 notes
Tags: nun,religion,in love,passion,fashion,black,
Click for high-res version
∞Posted on September 21, 2011
Reblogged from: a New Day
Source: ella9
Notes: 710 notes
The smell of oranges was the first thing she noticed upon entering the classroom. There was chalk, and book smells, but most certainly oranges, or perhaps it might have been tangerines. Spring had sprung and so, perhaps after all it was tangerines.
Eating is class was most certainly not allowed, and this would require corrective action, which would require her to do something. Most of the boys had been playing rugby in the lunch break preparing for a sevens competition. By way of explanation perhaps that was perhaps sufficient to merit overlooking the matter of a rogue consumer in breach of classroom rules.
She had long considered discussing masturbation with her selected class of special pupils. This was somewhat taboo; and perhaps precisely what had motivated her. She had dressed accordingly for the day in white crisp blouse, black knee length skirt and black heels. At times she was a little under confident and enjoyed the additional attention she attracted in class. In many ways it stimulated and aroused her.
Her mind had wandered, and she had relaxed in the comfort of the most private of thoughts. She had considered how to go about this most delicate of matters, for she wanted to please her class and share something of beauty and humanity, that was to be their secret and delight. She was to instruct and encourage them in a most private and personal of matters.
To achieve her aim she sat on the edge of her desk facing the class, legs neatly crossed. She had in her mind a firm knowledge of the uncompromising truth that she saw in their eyes. All of them were aroused by her. Excited and eager.
“Now gentlemen, the time has come, as I told you last week, for your training in masturbation, so I would like all of you to pull out your cocks and show me them.” She said, showing little expression on her face.
She looked around to see that all had complied, and as she did she slowly uncrossed her legs and smiled. As she did she kept her legs open, just enough for them to see directly up her black skirt, and to the tops of her stockings.
She looked around and was thrilled by her effect on them. She smiled a little and started to unbutton her blouse slowly exposing her breasts encased in her bra, and instructed them to start stroking themselves. And so, with blouse now open she slipped on the desk to walk around the class, stopping from time to time to offer direction, guidance and encouragement.
It was this simple act of kindness that was arousing all of the young men in the classroom that day. She considered as she walked how to bring the matter to an end. There were a number of options she considered. She could just let cum over themselves and make a mess. They could cum over her. They could cum inside of her. And as she walked around she considered in a spirit of friendliness.
So she asked the class now all very much aroused to consider choosing their preference, that she would ask each in turn and consider their desire.
The first asked that she would please lift her skirt and show him her pussy, and if she did he would cum immediately. She stood beside him, slid up her skirt and obliged. He almost came at once. Another asked that she remove her skirt, which she did, and showed him her ass in her panty, and then slid them only half down as he had asked. He came at once.
Another asked that she remove her blouse. She stood upright breasts pushed out and slowly slide it off…. The way she did it he came almost instantly as did the person sitting next to him.
She worked her way through the class as was feeling most highly aroused and by now quite wet. She walked to the front of the class, took off her panties and turned with her back to the class. Legs straight and apart hells firmly on the floor she bent over the table. Her wet hairy pussy glistening, her beautiful ass, and white thighs framed perfectly in stockings. She reached her hand between and started to rub her clit.
From her position she said, “Anyone who still has not cum already must come to my desk and watch me carefully, stroke as I have instructed you, and ejaculate on my ass. There were only three young men left, all move forward and two completed as she instructed. After a few minutes she looked round to the third, was wanking hard and fighting off cumming too quickly. She smiled and as he looked close to cumming, she said “Now slip in inside of me here”, parting her lips and guiding him in to her wet pussy.
She was so aroused herself, she shuddered with pleasure and as the head of his cock flexed inside of her as he almost came, it set her over the edge. That and his ball bobbing onto her as he thrust quickly. She shuddered, he came and her in unison. And that completed the lesson.
….Gosh! She thought as she came back to reality, and smiling instructed the room to bring out their current book by Henry Millar, to discuss the complication of McCarthyism in 1950’s US politics.
After all there was no harm in just thinking.
∞Posted on September 21, 2011
Notes: 1 note
She knew she would look again. A curiosity. Alison was pleased that she did, for she enjoyed the dialogue, harmless as it was. I fact she was more relaxed now, clearer minded; and found herself actually starting to enjoy.
∞Posted on September 20, 2011
Next Page →
Top of Page
© Alison Myer
Content powered by Tumblr.