https://www.alittlebitofbondage.tumblr.com
A Little Bit of Bondage
home
ask
Regular Blog
About Doms
About ME!
This is an 18+ (NSFW) BDSM related blog. Please feel free to reblog my original posts, but please do not take credit for them! While I am more "active" in the DD/lg aspect of the community, I will post all sorts of kinky things here, as well as other things that I like! :3
TRIGGER WARNING: I may from time to time posts rants about abuse or rape. I track the
alittlebitofbondage tag.
→
i don’t even remember like 85% of 2012
posted 2 years ago with 234,259 notes VIA
(© flokism-archive)
alongcameatom:
how i deal with everything
posted 2 years ago with 142,002 notes VIA
(© hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com)
tyleroakley:
OH MY GOD.
posted 2 years ago with 43,871 notes VIA
(© rightshift)
OH GOD HIS FACE
posted 2 years ago with 852,387 notes VIA
(© ForGIFs.com)
rape–princess:
-
THESE BOOKS
WERE
MY CHILDHOOD
posted 2 years ago with 25,830 notes VIA
(© darlingtheyfoundthebody)
hellhoundkin:
E.L. Fudge keeps making me feel like shit when i go to get cookies because they’ve got some new thing on their package that says “be a good cookie! give blood!” but like i can’t give blood because i have a boyfriend who’s dick frequents my ass and that means i can’t give blood??? so E.L. Fudge if you’re reading this please fix your package or help me donate blood because you’re making me feel pretty crummy.
AND THE AWARD FOR BEST PUN OF THE DAY GOES TO NICO
posted 2 years ago with 4 notes VIA
In less than an hour, I will officially be the birthday bitch! ;D
posted 2 years ago with 2 notes
#me
#personal
#birthday
abprincess:
thebabyprince:
Roger just impersonated me.
Rum and ginger beer for this princess but pretty much me on most flights
posted 2 years ago with 224,008 notes VIA
(© nerkmid)
mazikeen:
#can you imagine like you’re having a conversation with someone #and they’re being really irritating or obnoxious or whatever #you’re straightfacing #and slowly reach up and pull your little cord to shut your blinds #perfect
posted 2 years ago with 251,295 notes VIA
(© nolongerclaimed)
manuxinhace:
Fox News talks about working mothers’ negative impact on their children. AKA “When Fox News gets so misogynistic that their own anchor is 1026% done with them.” [x]
posted 2 years ago with 146,926 notes VIA
(© everlarkdandelions)
THEME