https://www.allisloane.blogspot.com
Crapulence and Other Thoughts
Crapulence and Other Thoughts
Does anything with the word 'crapulence' in it really need an excessive description?
About Me
Name:
allisloane
Location:
Phoenix, Arizona, United States
View my complete profile
Previous Posts
Teen Witch is the Funniest Movie Ever
My Birthday Was Scrumtrulescent!
Is Macy's Fucking Kidding with Their Bullshit Meet...
Dancing in Remote Parking Lots in Iowa
So You Think You Can Dance
Summertime Blues
Once Again, My Pathetic Addiction to 'Reality TV' ...
Don't You Hate it When...
I'm Back (Not Unlike the Backstreet Boys)
Back in Your Box
Archives
March 2005
April 2005
May 2005
June 2005
July 2005
August 2005
November 2005
Sunday, November 06, 2005
Teen Witch is the Funniest Movie Ever
So I haven't blogged in over two months and the event that made me come out of my blogging coma was 'Teen Witch'. I don't believe that there is a better movie to make fun of with cool friends. Trish, Lisa & Carrie...you all would be brillant at making fun of this 80's treasure! Ryan, Carl & Tina nearly made me wet myself...and the following is for them (sorry to be exclusive) * wear a condom--at all times!
* you can probably see it over her sweatpants
* most popular girl--here it is in the ancient spellbook
* it probably has a little hat
* the 'rap' with the gayest men on earthHonestly, I could go on and on about this gem, but you really need to watch it with funny friends and make jokes all through the movie. I keep having giggle flashbacks where I just start laughing thinking about the jokes from earlier this night...did you ever have giggle flashbacks when you just start laughing in some totally inappropriate setting with people that won't get the joke even if you explain it to them and they'll just think that you're crazy? Obviously, this has happened to me many times...OH MY GOD! For those of you that read my rant regarding R. Kelly's piece of shit saga 'Stuck in the Closet' (or whatever the hell it's called) they are playing a special regarding this piece of crap on VH-1 with interviews from people who were in the video. Also, for those of you that don't know...he released parts 6-8 because parts 1-5 obviously were not enough to torture the American public. I truly hope that he goes to jail for a very long time. I don't care whether or not he is guilty of the charges against him, but he should really be punished for putting out this steaming turd into the world.Alrighty then. I'm starting to ramble, but I love you all and appreciate anyone that is still even bothering to check this blog as my entries have been sketchy at best.
posted by allisloane @ 12:33 AM
7 comments
Monday, August 29, 2005
My Birthday Was Scrumtrulescent!
My apologies for being a lazy-ass and not posting for a month. Sometimes, I suck. However, my birthday did not suck. And for this I am delighted. I was none too thrilled about turning 29, but I threw a little birthday party and found that turning 29 surrounded by people I love made it awesome! Thank you sooooooo much to everyone that was there for being such awesome friends (and family). I got a little tipsy and you all were there to support me and to make the night extremely fun. I'm one lucky girl! I also appreciate the love that came over phone lines & through the mail from those that live out of Arizona. One word-punny. (Wow I kind of scanned back over this and realize that I sound like a tweeny from 1991, but it's already written and I'm too lazy to edit now.)Alright, I'm going on a cruise a week from today...I can't believe it's actually here. Lots of exciting craziness going on right now! Oh, I'm also watching Oscar, Tina & Carl's adorable chihuahua (sp?) this weekend. He's so sweet and it will be nice to have a little puppy around for a bit. Right now I'm just procrastinating cause I need to go out and run some errands but all I feel like doing is watching 50 Most Awesomely Bad Videos on VH-1 (despite the fact that I've seen it more than once before). I guess turning 29 has not provided with me any additional knowledge or ambition...it did however, provide me with enough delicious cake & brownies to make a sugar addict weep with joy. :)
posted by allisloane @ 2:26 PM
2 comments
Thursday, July 28, 2005
Is Macy's Fucking Kidding with Their Bullshit Meetings?
There are many parts of my job that I enjoy. I work for Shiseido at the Macy's Biltmore. I love my co-workers and I really enjoy my customers, however, I think I fucking hate Macy's in general. This may be a bit more pronounced than usual because I have had to suffer through 4 morning meetings this week and I have another one to look forward to on Saturday and yet another one on Sunday. Every morning we have this lovely 'pep rally' and all it makes me think is that I'd like to a. go postal or b. vomit on our store manager as they spew bullshit at us.Unless there's something new is there really a need for a meeting EVERY morning??? Pretty much they tell us how much money we made yesterday compared to plan (which is actually pretty annoying as their idea of a raise is generally in the vicinity of 20 cents an hour...I don't want to hear about the thousands of dollars we are up every day when they don't pay any of us enough to live comfortably). Then they drone on about how great we all are, but then bitch us out for clustering and not helping customers. It's 110 degrees outside and the Biltmore is a fucking outdoor mall...there are approximately 20 customers in the store the entire day and I can guarantee that they aren't ignored. Then they tell us how important it is to open instant credits. I've have heard the same speeches and fake cheerfulness for about a year and a half...it would be kinder if they just physically whipped us once a week or something. I watched part of 'Office Space' this week and was saddened to see the incredible similarities between the hell that is portrayed in 'Office Space' and the hell that is caused by Macy's in my daily life. For the love of God, please let the useless meetings stop!
posted by allisloane @ 11:29 PM
2 comments
Friday, July 22, 2005
Dancing in Remote Parking Lots in Iowa
Carrie's response to my last blog inspired me to share with you all a tale of dancing, silliness and perhaps the 'Cold Song'. When I was a Freshman (does that need to be capitalized?) at the University of Iowa I had to park my car in remote parking. At that point this was not that big a deal cause I mostly had it at school so that I could drive myself home on breaks. Carrie was kind enough to take the CamBus with me to go retrieve my car (I'm assuming it was for a trip home, but maybe we just wanted to go somewhere). Anyway, it was probably after 10 pm and the parking lot looked completely deserted. We were probably hopped up on Mountain Dew (me...those of you that know me now may be surprised and shocked at my Freshman year addiction to Mountain Dew, used to stay up late for studying and goofing off...you can guess which one happened more frequently) and Pepsi (Carrie...who was in a constant state of Pepsi-high...I think she would have had it injected intraveinously (sp?) if possible) and feeling king of silly. We decided to leap, prance and dance through the apparently deserted parking lot. We did this for probably about 10 minutes and one of us commented how embarassed we would be if someone had seen us and then continued to dance...within about 2 minutes a security guard came out of his booth having obviously witnessed our complete craziness to check that we were OK. He probably thought that we were on drugs or just wanted to smirk at us cause he caught us acting like complete idiots. However, it was such a moment of unrelenting joy and fun that I really don't care that he saw us. I wouldn't change a moment of our carefree cavorting.Now, having my car at Iowa also caused some problems. The following year I was still at the dorms but wanted to have transportation available, especially cause I had stopped eating the disgusting dorm food as it literally made me ill everytime I dared to consume it. The remote parking lot was at least a 20 minute bus ride, so I decided to keep my car on the streets near campus. However, the assholes in Iowa City insisted that you park your car on different sides of the street every day...street sweeping or some bullshit like that. Carrie was sweet enough to come with me every night so that I could switch my car to the other side of the street. As you can imagine, this was a HUGE pain in the ass (although I got pretty damn good at parallel parking that year...don't ask me to do it now, those skills have faded into the sunset). Anyway, one particularly cold, dark, snowy winter night Carrie and I trudged along so I could move my damn car. Since Carrie was nice enough to come with me, I insisted that she wait in the car with the heater on while I de-iced my car. So I was outside digging snow out from around my tires and trying to scrape the ice off of my windshield so that I could move my little Mazda 626. I was freezing my fucking ass off and not very thrilled about the situation...and then I heard Carrie singing. She was singing a little song she created about how cold she was (as she was sitting in the car with the heater on, this did not sit well with me). I slammed the ice-scraper against my windshield and apparently gave Carrie a look that clearly said I wished to strangle her. I have forbidden her to sing that song ever again when I am in the vicinity. I know that she was being nice by going with me, but the bitch in me came out and simply could not handle her singing about how cold she was when the wind was cutting though me, turning my fingers numb and freezing tears in my eyes. This happened about 10 years ago, and I still won't let her sing that little diddy anywhere near me. I guess I'm not a forgive and forget sort of girl.
posted by allisloane @ 1:30 AM
1 comments
Thursday, July 21, 2005
So You Think You Can Dance
Last night I was watching 'So You Think You Can Dance' on Fox. Pathetic, I know, but it looks like the beginning auditions will provide some cheap laughs at least. Obviously, it is a complete ripoff of 'American Idol' down to the English guy who is direct and kind of an asshole.I just love watching people making complete asses of themselves, especially when they have no talent and insist that the judges are crazy. Where do these people get this over-confidence? Do their parents just constantly tell them that everything that they do is perfection? Is that how Paris Hilton came to be the person that she is today? Anyway, this one chick did her impersonation of locking and mostly looked liked a bad imitation of Rerun from 'What's Happening?' and then she mouthed off to the judges when they didn't advance her to the next round. Then there was a guy that was an extremely talented dancer, but he mixed ballet with the weird Olympic-style dance with the long banner and was offended when the English guy didn't think that part of the dance was appropriate for a guy. (This guy is probably one of the most flaming gay guys I have ever seen). He was moved on to the next round and when he didn't get to make it to Hollywood cause his dancing was not masculine enough, he threw a hissy-fit, and then struck a number of Madonna-like positions from the 'Vogue' video and was shocked when the judges didn't think he looked manly enough doing the poses. Do these people have zero self-awareness??? I wonder if when they watch the tapes of these things if they see that the judges are dead-on in their evaluations and not jealous of them or something. These people are crazy freaks (which is why I think that the show will be entertaining). There are actually some very good dancers out there who were entertaining to watch because of their talent, but man, the rest of those freaks were crazy!
posted by allisloane @ 10:46 AM
1 comments
Tuesday, July 19, 2005
Summertime Blues
I don't know if it's just me, but the continual oven-like heat we are experiencing seems to be sapping me of all energy. I feel extremely lethargic and am finding my tolerance to be lower as the temperatures rise. I work a retail job at The Biltmore (for those of you that don't know, it is an outdoor mall). Now, I probably wouldn't make the trek to shop at an outdoor mall in the summer cause my mother didn't raise an idiot, but I resent the lack of customers in the store and the subsequent boredom that I am forced to endure. I, like Gloria Gaynor, will survive, but I'm hoping that the days will be filled with more customers and less standing around and cleaning my counter over and over again.This is my 6th summer here in Phoenix and I don't remember it being a huge problem before, but perhaps I am repressing memories of summers past and making them better and cooler than they were. I was even hot at a movie theater a few days ago...aren't they supposed to be cold enough to cause your nipples to cut glass? I feel extremely mislead by movie theaters in general. I did however, still enjoy 'The Wedding Crashers' I found it to be very funny, but it is pretty graphic at some points...I'm not a prude, but they caught me by surprise, so don't say you weren't warned. The good thing about summer is that popsicles taste better and I feel justified drinking about a gallon of iced tea at lunch. Ah, a light at the end of every tunnel. Hmmm, didn't realize I was feeling upbeat, what a surprise!
posted by allisloane @ 9:37 PM
0 comments
Friday, July 01, 2005
Once Again, My Pathetic Addiction to 'Reality TV' is Showing
Right now, I am so obsessed with 'Kept' on VH1. For those of you that don't know the premise of this particular gem...Jerri Hall is basically looking for a man to be her bitch. If anyone watches the show and has not seen the last 2 episodes and does not want to know who was eliminated...then you must stop reading this blog right now. For the rest of you: there are many guys on this show and each week one is eliminated by Jerri's assistant (who is obviously an extremely attractive woman but constantly wears her hair up and glasses as if she's playing the role of the sexy librarian...every week I expect her to whip off her glasses and take down her hair and hit on the one of the guys to test them). Anyway, there were 2 guys on the show that should have been eliminated right away because they are 2 of the biggest losers I have ever seen. They are both totally obsessed with themselves and how hot they think they are...they are also both extremely stupid. Their names are Ricardo and Slavco (which is reason enough for them to be eliminated). Last week the challenge for the kept men was that they took dancing lessons and had to attend a costume ball with Jerri and her friends. Each of the men had to do an individual dance and Ricardo decided that instead of just dancing that he would strip off most of his clothes which was obviously appropriate at what would be deemed a black-tie affair. What a fucking putz! When he was eliminated last week I literally cheered out loud despite the fact that I was home alone. (I understand that I'm a big fucking loser too, but this jackass was so into himself that his head was no longer fitting on my TV screen).This week the men had to take cooking classes from a master and then prepare a dinner party for Jerri and her friends. Slavco was eliminated basically for being self-absorbed idiot. Everytime he commented on what was going on to the camera he made a grammar mistake that made my ears hurt.Now here's something odd...Jerri has a cross between a snobby British accent and a Texas twang. Very disturbing.Please don't judge me for my need to watch reality TV...I don't know why I feel compelled to watch/comment on this crap, I just do.
posted by allisloane @ 1:39 AM
1 comments