https://www.alljackpots.com
All Jackpots Online Casino | Enjoy our $€30 Free + $€1600 Bonus Welcome Package | Best Casino Games - All Jackpots
Skip to main content
Support
Chat
More support options
EN
English
Français
Deutsch
Svenska
*
*
*
Register
x Remember Me
Forgot Your Login Details?
Welcome,
Change Password
Loyalty
CashCheck
PlayCheck
Promotions
Logout
My Offers
balance:
Cash:
Bonus:
Total:
Banking
Are you sure you want to exit the casino?
LOG OUT
CANCEL
Getting Started
Getting started
1
Open Your Account
Complete the simple registration form to create your account. Be sure to make a note of your username and password.
REGISTER
2
Make Your First Deposit
Choose from a wide variety of trusted payment methods and get your 100% match first deposit bonus!
DEPOSIT
3
Start Playing!
Take your bonus cash and hit the games! Choose any game to start playing.
PLAY
Get the All Jackpots Casino Advantage
In addition to your Welcome Package, there are even more ways to win with exciting promotions and exclusive offers every month.
At All Jackpots Casino, you get more for your money!
Questions? We’re here for you!
Launch Live Chat anytime to get instant assistance and learn more about All Jackpots Casino’s generous offers.
Download
Thank you for downloading All Jackpots Casino!
If your download hasn't already started, click here to start the casino software download.
1Download
Click on
ALLJACKPOTS.EXE after download is complete.
2Run
Allow All Jackpots program to load onto your computer.
3Install
When the All Jackpots software opens, click on Install Casino to start playing.
Mobile
Play anytime, anywhere on yourmobile & tablet
Log in now for the hottest casino games in full HD!
Log in on mobile with your existing username.
Play anytime, anywhere on yourmobile & tablet
Log in now for the hottest casino games in full HD!
Log in on mobile with your existing username.
3 easy ways to start playing now:
or
Email
Get the link to the mobile casino by email
or
Text message
Get the link to the mobile casino by text message
QR code
Scan with your mobile to go straight to the mobile casino
Promotions
Hot Promotions
Wheel Of Wishes
Make a wish & spin the wheel
Spin the wheel to celebrate 2016 with a bonus wish come true every week, during January. You are guaranteed to win Free Money, Free Spins, Cashbacks, Loyalty Points, Loyalty Multipliers or tickets for the 25K Stardust Draw!
Read More
New Games
Play to hit the newest jackpots in town!
The action never stops! We launch new games every month to give you more ways to win with brilliant new graphics, dazzling animation, and the most revolutionary bonus features available anywhere. Did we release YOUR lucky game this month? Find out now!
Read More
WELCOME PACKAGE
$/€%%NPP_Total%% Welcome Package
Get up to $/€%%NPP_Total%% in your 1st week!
Kick off your gameplay with instant bonuses on your first four deposits. Get more for your money and power up your gameplay with up to $/€%%NPP_Total%% in bonuses!
Read More
Loyalty Club
Earn loyalty points as you play!
We value your loyalty! That’s why we reward you with loyalty points that you can redeem for real casino credits. Earn bigger and better bonuses each month as you climb from level to level.
Check out our weekly specials for more ways to get rewarded!
Read More
View All
Loyalty
We value your loyalty! That’s why you get valuable points with every bet you make. Earn bigger and better loyalty bonuses each month as you climb from tier to tier.
Wager €10 = 1 point
Earn 1,000 points = €10
VIP
All Jackpots Casino is proud to offer a unique VIP Casino program designed for our most elite players. Since VIPs expect and deserve the absolute finest gaming experience, our VIP program is exclusively tailored to suit the needs of the discerning, sophisticated individual.
As a VIP, you'll feel the added excitement and anticipation that comes with playing at the top of the class. You won't want to play casino games and slots anywhere else.
Our VIP Casino program is open to players by invitation only, and entitles members to many privileges:
Personalized VIP Casino Service
A dedicated support team for first-priority service
Generous Bonuses
Personal account reviews for exclusive bonuses that better suit the high-roller
Exclusive Promotions
VIP-only promotions for an additional level of entertainment
Personal Gifts
Personal gifts to celebrate milestones and special occasions
Your loyalty is well-rewarded at our VIP program. By advancing your Loyalty Club status, you will open the door to an increasing number of exclusive bonuses, rewards and benefits.
VIP Benefits
Gold
Platinum
Diamond
Entry Points
2,000
8,000
50,000
Dedicated VIP support team
Yes
Yes
Yes
Exclusive promotional events
Yes
Yes
Yes
Luxury gifts *
Yes
Yes
Yes
Personal Account Manager *
Yes
Yes
Yes
Higher deposit limits *
Yes
Yes
Redeem loyalty points to cash
Yes
Higher withdrawal limits *
Yes
Yes
Customized vacation packages *
Yes
* Only available to select players at this level
VIP Gifts
Being a member of the VIP Casino Program means more than amazing bonuses, exciting games and excellent service; it's about lifestyle.
We like to celebrate special events in our VIPs lives with personal gifts. We know how to treat you right!
VIP Blog
Get the news and updates that matter to you!
Learn how to make the most of the newest game features, read exclusive interviews with winners and Jackpot Factory insiders, and be the first to know about upcoming games and VIP events.
Visit the VIP Blog
If you have any questions about our VIP program, you are invited to contact casino support anytime.
Top
FeaturedSlotsTable GamesJackpotsVideo PokerOther Games
Jackpots Total
Mega Moolah (Mega)
$4,396,647King Cashalot
$708,235Major Millions
$509,462Caribbean Draw
$359,688
Loyalty
Current loyalty status
To maintain Current tier
Current balance
View & Claim Points
Experience our Premium Casino Software
Download
Winners
Promotions
Wheel Of Wishes
Make a wish & spin the wheel
New Games
Play to hit the newest jackpots in town!
WELCOME PACKAGE
$/€%%NPP_Total%% Welcome Package
Games Categories
Slots
Jackpots
Video Poker
Table Games
Other Games
Banking options
About UsAbout The Casino
Jackpot Factory Group
Microgaming Software
VIP Program
Banking
Fair PlaySecurity
Responsible Gaming
ClearPlay Bonus System
Anti-Spam & Privacy Policy
Customer Service24/7 Customer Support
Live Chat
FAQs
More infoTerms & Conditions
Sitemap
Affiliates
Welcome to All Jackpots Casino Online
At All Jackpots, we know what you’re looking for in an online casino. Great games with great payouts. Big bonuses for new players and continuing players alike. Convenient banking options in a variety of currencies. Security, integrity, and responsibility.
All Jackpots Online Casino offers all of this and a whole lot more.
Online Casino Games
We currently offer more than 500 of the best casino games online with new games added every month. Our games are all built using Microgaming's cutting-edge Viper technology. Here's a sampling of what All Jackpots Online Casino has to offer:
Over 200 online slots games, including 3-reel slots, 5-reel slots, multispin slots, and multiplayer slots.
More than 40 kinds of single-hand and multi-hand online blackjack games.
Lots of online roulette games, including European Roulette and French Roulette.
Over 50 online video poker games, including standard pokers, Power Pokers, and Level-Up Pokers.
Online poker, keno, craps, scratch card, 3-card poker, baccarat, sic bo, and casino war.
More than 20 progressive jackpot games, including progressive slot machines, video poker, roulette, blackjack, and poker games.
Live Multi-Player Slots Tournaments every day.
Casino Bonuses and Promotions
All Jackpots Casino loves its players, and it shows its appreciation by showering them with generous bonuses and promotions.
For new players, we have a Welcome Package containing bonuses of up to 1600 dollars or Euros your first week in the casino.
For continuing players, we offer all kinds of cash-back bonuses, free credits, free spins, seasonal promotions, Loyalty Points, and more — up to 5000 bonus credits a year.
Download, Flash, and Mobile Casino Games
All Jackpots gives you three great ways to play your favourite casino games. Download the Viper software and have the whole casino on your PC. Play Flash casino games on your Internet browser right here at the All Jackpots website. Or go mobile with All Jackpots Mobile Casino on your smartphone or tablet. One All Jackpots Casino account does it all.
Casino Banking Options
It’s easy — and it’s safe — to deposit money into and withdraw money from you All Jackpots Casino account. All Jackpots offers all of the popular online banking options — including credit and debit cards, Neteller, InstaDebit, Skrill, and many others — and they are all convenient to use and committed to safeguarding the privacy of your personal transactions and information.
Customer Support
All Jackpots is here for you. Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, no matter what your question or concern, the All Jackpots team of dedicated, knowledgeable and courteous customer support agents is here, by toll-free phone or email, to help you make the most of your online casino experience.
Let the Fun Begin!
Online casino gambling is a fantastic form of entertainment. Whether you wager real money bets or play casino games just for fun, you’re sure to have a wonderful time. Open an account at All Jackpots Online Casino today and let the fun begin!
Become an affiliate partner - join BrightShare today.
Tomb Raider © Square Enix Ltd.
2016, all rights reserved©. All Jackpots© and All Jackpots Casino© are registered trademarks. Digimedia Ltd, of Villa Seminia 8, Sir Temi Zammit Avenue, Malta, is authorized and licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority. License numbers MGA/CL1/542/2008 and MGA/CL3/542/2008 were both issued on 16 June 2010. License number MGA/CL1/932/2013 was issued on 6 November 2014.
Footer Icons AS