https://www.allnatural.blobanon.com
All Natural Naughty Fun
All Natural Naughty Fun
Semen and Urine are both 100% All Natural and safe to consume from a healthy individual.
This blog explores fun ways to enjoy eating cum and drinking pee.
This NSFW website contains explicit xxx images, and is intended for an adult audience only.
Navigation
Home
About This Site
Send Message
My Hangouts
My Tumblr Blog
Archives
Visual Archive
Image Wall
Poll Results Archive
Timeline Archive
Grid Archive
Visitor Maps
Cum Info
Cum 101 F.A.Q.
Benefits of Eating Cum
What Is In Cum?
Nutritional Values
Cumming On Food Tips
Edging Tips
Pee Info
Urine FAQ’s
What Is In Pee?
Why I Drink Pee
Tips for Getting Started
Ways of Consuming Pee
When NOT to Drink Pee
Other Uses for Pee
Urine Therapy
Fun Stuff
Cooking With Cum
The Cum Chef
Cooking With Urine
Find the Pairs Game
Jigsaw Puzzles
Random
Cum Fun
Pee Fun
Penis Fun
Cum & Piss Challenges
Eat a Gallon of Cum
Drink a Keg of Piss
Cum On Food Holidays
Naughty Links
Members Area
Cum Feed
Member Listing
All Members
Members With Photos
Participant Members
Forums
Forum Rules
Contact
Join
Login
Hot Dog Fun
December 24, 2013 |
Filed under: Penis Art, Penis On Food
I’ve always wondered just what a package of hot dogs would look like if it came with a penis surprise inside.  Until now, I’ve never seen a package of hot dogs that had a penis inside, and I’ve looked for one, at countless grocery stores.  Finally!  Now I know.   …
Cum On Hostess Cupcake
November 18, 2013 |
Filed under: Cum On Food, Eating My Own Cum, Penis On Food
This Hostess cupcake needed cum on top.  So I added some.  First I had a little fun posing with my penis on top of it, as if my penis “pwned” the cupcake.  Then I dropped a load of fresh cup on top before eating it.  It tasted better than I …
Big Mac Penis Attack
May 1, 2013 |
Filed under: Cum On Food, Serving Food
Remember this jingle?  “Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onion, and a penis on a sesame seed bun.” Time for a little fun with the iconic Big Mac.  I couldn’t resist having a little fun by putting my penis inside the burger.  The warmth of the meat …
Cum Topped Pumpkin Pie
December 20, 2012 |
Filed under: Cum On Food, Messy Food Play, Penis Art, Penis On Food
Normally I enjoy whipped cream on my pumpkin pie, but not this time.  Before I started stroking, I carved out the words “CUM HERE” onto the slice of pie.  A fresh load of warm semen made a nice glazed topping.  This was an okay sized load, but could have been …
The Joy of Cumming On Food
June 1, 2012 |
Filed under: Artistic Cum, Cum On Food, Eating Cum
Shooting a load of hot cum onto something edible is very erotic!  Its exciting and nasty, naughty and thrilling, and beautiful all at once.  Just seeing fresh hot cum squirting onto some food you know will get eaten jolts your libido, but actually planning it out is like extended foreplay! …
Eating My Own Cum
May 25, 2012 |
Filed under: Cum On Food, Eating Cum
Have you ever thought about eating your cum?  Maybe you already have, or maybe you tried but lost interest after your orgasm.  I’ve been eating my cum for many years, ever since puberty, but it wasn’t always as easy as it is now for me to eat it. At first, …
Quick breakfast with cum
December 11, 2015 |
Filed under: Cum On Food
Since breakfast is considered the most important meal of the day, I feel it is therefore also important to ejaculate on breakfast as often as possible.  Eating a nice cum-topped breakfast allows you to start your day by experiencing the subtle benefits of eating semen, combined with the benefits of …
fifi – Sex Toys For Men
December 8, 2015 |
Filed under: Product Reviews
Fifi sex toys for men feel better than your hand. Unlike fleshlike masturbators or homemade sex toys, their disposable sleeves leave no mess. Meet your new male masturbator. Okay, I saw this product being advertised over my latest video on Xtube.  Being curious, I thought I should check it out, …
Cupcake Cum
November 28, 2015 |
Filed under: Artistic Cum, Cum On Food
Earlier this month I had some cum fun with a mini-cupcake.  This time I tried cumming on a normal size cupcake.  I figured the larger cupcake would need more semen than the mini-cupcake, so I didn’t hold back any cum.  After my initial orgasm edge, I kept going for another …
Making sourdough with vaginal yeast
November 25, 2015 |
Filed under: General
Wow, I know what you’re thinking… Yum!  Right!?  My thoughts exactly!  A woman blogger shared her experience making sourdough bread using yeast cultivated from her vagina.  In her blog post you’ll find her recipe.  She also discusses the reactions she got when it went viral on Twitter. Be sure to …
Toasted Peanut Butter & Jelly & Cum Sandwich
November 20, 2015 |
Filed under: Cum On Food
When making a sandwich with cum, you have basically two options… either ejaculate into the sandwich or on top of it.  I chose to ejaculate on top so I could see all the hot semen as I ate the sandwich.   A little while back I posted about a similar …
Big Big Website Update
November 17, 2015 |
Filed under: Blog News & Updates
Big huge jumbo news!  What started as a simple plan to add custom avatar photo uploads has morphed into a full blown private social cum on food network.  The list of new features is almost too big to list, but I’ll try.  Check out the screen grabs for a quick …
Cummus Dip and Chips
November 7, 2015 |
Filed under: Artistic Cum, Cum On Food
Imagine you are at a pot luck social party.  All of the attendees have brought a dish to share.  As you walk up to the food table, you notice that someone has recently, and clearly, ejaculated onto one of the dishes.  The Spicy Red Pepper Hummus Dip is covered with …
Cum-Topped Pumpkin Spice Mini-Cupcake
I think this might be the first time I’ve added my semen to a cupcake.  Cum and cupcakes are definitely a great …
Famous Amos Bite Size Cum Cookies
When that unquenchable need to eat cum on food hits you, its good to know that a vending machine can provide something …
Cocoa Peebles
No milk?  No problem.  A full bladder works just as nicely. Pee and cereal are a good combination that provide a nice …
Hostess Rainbow Chip and Thick Cum Brownie
Hostess products make good sex toys.  With names like Twinkies and Ding Dongs, how could they not?  So when I see a …
New pages added: Image Wall, and Cum Chef
I’ve recently added a couple new pages to this blog for your cum loving pleasure.  Check them out. The Cum Chef This …
Ravioli with Fresh Frothy Cum
I love preparing a meal when part of the recipe calls for masturbating.  This is especially true when I am hungry for …
Lou Reads from the CumOnFood.net forum
Some of you may remember the original CumOnFood.net forum.  For those who are not familiar, it was a discussion forum for people …
Banana Nut Odwalla Quickie
The local grocery store had Odwalla bars on sale so I picked up an assortment of them to try.  I’ve already ejaculated …
BBC NEWS | Americas | US army food… just add urine
So apparently the U.S. Army has food that you can pee on… The US military has devised a way to ensure its …
Cum Sucking Good Smoothie
I really love ejaculating into my smoothies.  I can point my penis down toward the smoothie and have a great orgasm.  The …
Read all Articles →
Who is OnlineNo one is online right now
Tagsbacon
banana
blueberry
breakfast
candy
cereal
cheese
chips
chocolate
chocolate chip
chocolate milk
cookie
cum
cup-o-penis
cupcake
donut
eat
eating
edging
food
frosting
frother
frozen
fruit
glass
Hostess
hot dog
Kellogg's
milk
muffin
pasta
pee
penis
pie
pumpkin
pumpkin pie
recipe
salad
semen
smoothie
storage
strawberry
vagina
video
yogurt
Top Rated Posts
Angus All Beef Ballpark Hot Dog
(98%)
Annie’s Cheddar Mac-n-Cheese Shells with Cum and Piss
(98%)
Beautiful Cum Topped Chocolate Muffin
(98%)
Pork & Beans & Lots of Cum
(98%)
Hostess Rainbow Chip and Thick Cum Brownie
(98%)
Are you a cum eater?
Have you ever eaten cum?
No, never!Only my own.Only from others.My own and from others.
View Result
Total votes: 5335No, never! (589 votes, 11%)Only my own. (2703 votes, 51%)Only from others. (323 votes, 6%)My own and from others. (1720 votes, 32%)
Vote
Top Posts & Pages (Last 48 Hours)
Benefits of Eating Cum, Semen, Sperm, Jizz, etc.
Eating My Own Cum
User Profile
Better Cum Storage
Eat a Gallon of Cum Challenge
Most Liked PostsLabor Day Watermelon Fun (37)Taco Bell Penis Fun (31)All Members (21)Part 2:
Adding Cum to Chocolate Milk in a Wine Glass (14)Big Big Website Update (9)
Recently Liked PostsPee Soaked SaladAlmonds and Cheese Plate with Honey and SemenPork & Beans & Lots of CumToasted Peanut Butter & Jelly & Cum SandwichAll Members
Most Read Posts (Last 365 Days)
Pork & Beans & Lots of Cum
(5,252)
How to Thaw Frozen Cum: Using A Cum Warmer
(4,646)
How to NOT Cum on Food
(4,141)
Cum Coated Pineapple Chunks
(3,528)
Orgasmic Edging Techniques
(3,265)
"Extra" Special K Brownies - Divine Fudge
(2,917)
Lou Reads from the CumOnFood.net forum
(2,807)
Diced Peaches With A Shot of Cum
(2,806)
Breakfast Biscuit Fun
(2,444)
Eight things you didn’t know you could do with human sperm
(2,414)
Who's Online3 visitors online now
Categories
Blog News & Updates
Erotica
Lovely Labias
Fan Photos
Fun With Cum
Artistic Cum
Cooking With Cum
Cum On Food
Cum Recipes
Cum Shot
Cum Storage
Eating Cum
Eating My Own Cum
Girls Eating Cum
Fun With Pee
Cooking With Pee
Pee Drinking
Pee On Food
General
Penis Fun
Messy Food Play
Penis Art
Penis On Food
Serving Food
Reviews
Product Reviews
Website Reviews
Year In Review
Sexual Health
Swinging
Get FedRSS - PostsRSS - Comments
Annual Archive
2015 (44)
2014 (36)
2013 (40)
2012 (40)
2011 (6)
2010 (2)
Tumblr LatestTAP
Cum Eating TrackerMy goal is to eat a gallon of cum since starting this blog.
There are 768
tsp. ejaculations in 1 gallon of cum.
Pee Drinking TrackerMy goal here is to drink a full keg of urine.
(1 keg = 15.5 gal. = 1,984 fl oz.)
Least Read Posts
fifi - Sex Toys For Men
(535)
Making sourdough with vaginal yeast
(739)
Quick breakfast with cum
(844)
Big Big Website Update
(914)
Cupcake Cum
(929)
Privacy & Terms of Use Your privacy and discretion are important.
We do not share any personal information with third parties.
Terms of Service
Get Updates via Email
Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 116 other subscribers
Email Address
© 2016 All Natural Naughty Fun
Powered by Esplanade Theme and WordPress
Yes
No