https://www.allporncontent.com
Plugz - Related Content Recommendation Platform
Toggle navigation
Plugz
Home
Publisher
Advertiser
Contact
Sign In
Plugz
Related  Content  Recommendation  Platform
Monetize your content as a Publisher
Make contextual ads as an Advertiser
Sign Up
Sign In
Related  Posts Plugin  for Wordpress available
P U B L I S H E R
Related Content Recommendation System
Boost Sales & Monetize Better.
Our platform helps you increase page views and time on site, while driving new visitors to your pages, and monetizing your traffic with a lower bounce rate and higher ROI!
Monetize Your Traffic Better
As part of our contextual advertising system,
you earn premium revenue rates every time you display sponsored content.
Premium Traffic to Your Site
We promote your articles on related pages. That's why you get new premium quality visitors.
Totally Custom Look
Create widgets which completely match the style of your site. It's totally customizable. Predefined templates, 600+ fonts, unlimited variations.
Less Bounce Rate - More Pageviews
Built in Templates - Unlimited variations
SEO Optimalized landing page - Extra traffic
100% - 500% return ratio
Related Content on Your Pages
Thumbnail links to your editorial posts are delivered into "You Might Also Like", "Best From The Web", "Related Content" etc. boxes under articles across the web. The links are contextually relevant to the article they appear under.
Auto Plug - Auto Approve
Our crawler bot adds your most popular pages into the system automatically.
Search Engine traffic
Get organic Search Engine traffic from our landing pages.
ordpress plugin
The amazing Plugz.co related recommendation widget is Wordpress enabled!
Install it all with just one click
Send your content with one click
Add new widgets to your sites with one click
RELAX with comprehensive Stats.
Your Satisfaction is always guaranteed
Network-wide traffic exchange
The easiest tool of its kind to use.
ABC Strategy
Choose your ABC strategy and set your widgets to follow it
A. Keep your visitors on your pages to increase your pageviews
B. Drive new visitors to your blog from the entire network via other related pages
C. Earn premium revenue rates while displaying contextual ads
Get the best of all three strategies by mixing them to fit your business model!
The Best Strategy Ever
Earn even more money with sponsored posts and buy traffic from other members.
Earn more, buy more, and earn more... it's the cycle of success!
A D V E R T I S E R
Contextual Advertising System
Fully Evolved Marketing
Digital advertising is changing.
Standard banner ads no longer work.
Contextual ads are the answer!
Contextual Ads work everywhere by delivering real results from any digital display platfrom.
When your Ads are what people want to see most, they work the best!
Detailed Reports
Track every click, creative ad and the complete performance of your campaigns in real time.
Filter Settings
Set custom filters for your sponsored posts including: Geo, Device, Niche, Hashtag, Hourly/Daily Volume, Delayed Start and more!
More Content = Better Quality
Add massive amounts of content to your campaign via our simple API. More content = better fit on relevant pages and even more quality traffic to your articles
Contextual Presence
The highest quality traffic available anywhere is the traffic that organically wants what you are offering with real contextual ad placement
Nothing Works Better Than Related Content Distribution System
Relevant content, Premium Traffic, No-risk
Start Now
24/7/365 Support That Actually Helps You!
Want to get in touch with us?
Whether you have a question or just want to say hello, we want to hear from you and we always respond with useful answers to help you move forward the best way possible!
Name:
required
Email:
required
Subject:
required
Message:
required
Captcha:
Not readable? Change text.