https://www.allsluts.net
All Slots Online Casino | Enjoy our $€30 Free + $€1600 Bonus Welcome Package | Best Casino Games - All Slots
Skip to main content
Support
Chat
More support options
EN
English
Français
Deutsch
Svenska
*
*
*
Register
x Remember Me
Forgot Your Login Details?
Welcome,
Change Password
Loyalty
CashCheck
PlayCheck
Promotions
Logout
My Offers
balance:
Cash:
Bonus:
Total:
Banking
Are you sure you want to exit the casino?
LOG OUT
CANCEL
Getting Started
Getting started
1
Open Your Account
Complete the simple registration form to create your account. Be sure to make a note of your username and password.
REGISTER
2
Make Your First Deposit
Choose from a wide variety of trusted payment methods and get your 100% match first deposit bonus!
DEPOSIT
3
Start Playing!
Take your bonus cash and hit the games! Choose any game to start playing.
PLAY
Get the All Slots Casino Advantage
In addition to your Welcome Package, there are even more ways to win with exciting promotions and exclusive offers every month.
At All Slots Casino, you get more for your money!
Questions? We’re here for you!
Launch Live Chat anytime to get instant assistance and learn more about All Slots Casino’s generous offers.
Download
Thank you for downloading All Slots Casino!
If your download hasn't already started, click here to start the casino software download.
1Download
Click on
ALLSLOTS.EXE after download is complete.
2Run
Allow All Slots program to load onto your computer.
3Install
When the All Slots software opens, click on Install Casino to start playing.
Mobile
Play anytime, anywhere on yourmobile & tablet
Log in now for the hottest casino games in full HD!
Log in on mobile with your existing username.
Play anytime, anywhere on yourmobile & tablet
Log in now for the hottest casino games in full HD!
Log in on mobile with your existing username.
3 easy ways to start playing now:
or
Email
Get the link to the mobile casino by email
or
Text message
Get the link to the mobile casino by text message
QR code
Scan with your mobile to go straight to the mobile casino
Promotions
Hot Promotions
Wheel Of Wishes
Make a wish & spin the wheel
Spin the wheel to celebrate 2016 with a bonus wish come true every week, during January. You are guaranteed to win Free Money, Free Spins, Cashbacks, Loyalty Points, Loyalty Multipliers or tickets for the 25K Stardust Draw!
Read More
New Games
Play to hit the newest jackpots in town!
The action never stops! We launch new games every month to give you more ways to win with brilliant new graphics, dazzling animation, and the most revolutionary bonus features available anywhere. Did we release YOUR lucky game this month? Find out now!
Read More
WELCOME PACKAGE
$/€%%NPP_Total%% Welcome Package
Get up to $/€%%NPP_Total%% in your 1st week!
Kick off your gameplay with instant bonuses on your first four deposits. Get more for your money and power up your gameplay with up to $/€%%NPP_Total%% in bonuses!
Read More
Loyalty Club
Earn loyalty points as you play!
We value your loyalty! That’s why we reward you with loyalty points that you can redeem for real casino credits. Earn bigger and better bonuses each month as you climb from level to level.
Check out our weekly specials for more ways to get rewarded!
Read More
View All
Loyalty
We value your loyalty! That’s why you get valuable points with every bet you make. Earn bigger and better loyalty bonuses each month as you climb from tier to tier.
Wager €10 = 1 point
Earn 1,000 points = €10
VIP
All Slots Casino is proud to offer a unique VIP Casino program designed for our most elite players. Since VIPs expect and deserve the absolute finest gaming experience, our VIP program is exclusively tailored to suit the needs of the discerning, sophisticated individual.
As a VIP, you'll feel the added excitement and anticipation that comes with playing at the top of the class. You won't want to play casino games and slots anywhere else.
Our VIP Casino program is open to players by invitation only, and entitles members to many privileges:
Personalized VIP Casino Service
A dedicated support team for first-priority service
Generous Bonuses
Personal account reviews for exclusive bonuses that better suit the high-roller
Exclusive Promotions
VIP-only promotions for an additional level of entertainment
Personal Gifts
Personal gifts to celebrate milestones and special occasions
Your loyalty is well-rewarded at our VIP program. By advancing your Loyalty Club status, you will open the door to an increasing number of exclusive bonuses, rewards and benefits.
VIP Benefits
Gold
Platinum
Diamond
Entry Points
2,000
8,000
50,000
Dedicated VIP support team
Yes
Yes
Yes
Exclusive promotional events
Yes
Yes
Yes
Luxury gifts *
Yes
Yes
Yes
Personal Account Manager *
Yes
Yes
Yes
Higher deposit limits *
Yes
Yes
Redeem loyalty points to cash
Yes
Higher withdrawal limits *
Yes
Yes
Customized vacation packages *
Yes
* Only available to select players at this level
VIP Gifts
Being a member of the VIP Casino Program means more than amazing bonuses, exciting games and excellent service; it's about lifestyle.
We like to celebrate special events in our VIPs lives with personal gifts. We know how to treat you right!
VIP Blog
Get the news and updates that matter to you!
Learn how to make the most of the newest game features, read exclusive interviews with winners and Jackpot Factory insiders, and be the first to know about upcoming games and VIP events.
Visit the VIP Blog
If you have any questions about our VIP program, you are invited to contact casino support anytime.
Live Casino
Top
FeaturedSlotsTable GamesJackpotsVideo PokerLive CasinoOther Games
Download
Mobile Casino
Slots | Poker
Table games | Jackpots
Go Mobile
Live Casino
Play Now
Loyalty
Current loyalty status
To maintain Current tier
Current balance
View & Claim Points
Winners
Promotions
Wheel Of Wishes
Make a wish & spin the wheel
New Games
Play to hit the newest jackpots in town!
WELCOME PACKAGE
$/€%%NPP_Total%% Welcome Package
Jackpots Total
Mega Moolah (Mega)
$4,396,647King Cashalot
$708,235Major Millions
$509,462Caribbean Draw
$359,689
Games Categories
Slots
Jackpots
Video Poker
Table Games
Other Games
Banking options
About UsAbout The Casino
Jackpot Factory Group
Microgaming Software
VIP Program
Banking
Fair PlaySecurity
Responsible Gaming
ClearPlay Bonus System
Anti-Spam & Privacy Policy
Customer Service24/7 Customer Support
Live Chat
FAQs
Game Tutorials
More infoTerms & Conditions
Blog
News
Sitemap
Affiliates
All Slots Online Casino
All Slots Online Casino — the world’s #1 online slots casino — offers more than 500 online casino games including lots of online slots as well as video poker, blackjack, roulette, keno, baccarat, online poker, craps, Sic Bo, scratch cards, and casino war, with more casino games being added every month. All Slots has everything you could possibly desire in an online casino, all under one virtual roof.
One All Slots Account Means Three Great Ways to Play
One All Slots Casino account will give you three great ways to play your favourite casino games. You can download the free Viper software to your computer and have over 500 games at your fingertips. You can play instant Flash games by clicking on the game of your choice right here on the All Slots website with no need to download anything. Or you can go mobile and play All Slots mobile casino games on every type of mobile phone or tablet. Freedom, flexibility, and convenience are the bywords of All Slots Online Casino.
Get Your $/€ 1,600 Welcome Package
All Slots shows its appreciation to its members with a generous array of bonuses and promotions. During your first week as an All Slots player, you will be entitled to a Welcome Package of bonuses worth up to 1,600 dollars or Euros. After that, you will continue to receive casino bonuses and promotions that change every month but are always exciting, valuable Loyalty Points for every real money wager you make and, for our most loyal players, an invitation to join the luxurious VIP Program. It is all part of the All Slots way of saying Thank you for joining us and Thank you for staying with us.
Customer Support, Banking, and Security
All Slots employs a staff of smart, courteous, and knowledgeable customer support agents. For any question or problem, just give us a call, by toll-free phone, live chat, or email, and we'll help you solve it quickly and efficiently. Twenty-four hours a day, 7 days a week — All Slots is on your side.
All Slots offers a wide range of safe, secure, and convenient online banking options for your casino deposits and withdrawals. We also use the most advanced security technologies and procedures to protect your privacy and financial transactions so you can enjoy playing online slots and other online casino games with complete peace of mind.
Great Online Casino Slots
All Slots is famous for its hundreds of great online casino slots. It has 3-reel slots and 5-reel slots; classic slots and video slots; and progressive jackpot slots. It has slots with wild symbols and free spins and fantastic bonus games. It has MegaSpin Slots that enable you to spin up to nine online casino slot machines at once and MultiPlayer Slots that allow the entire community to share in the online slots excitement.
Travel back to the age of the dinosaurs or forward to the age of intergalactic space travel. Meet your favourite sports stars, action-adventure heroes, and mythological gods and goddesses. Climb the highest mountains or dive into the deepest seas. You can do it all while spinning the online casino slot machines at All Slot Casino.
And Great Online Slots Tournaments
How would you like to be recognized as king (or queen) of the online slot casino? It can very well happen if you join a multiplayer online slots tournament at All Slots. Now, it's not just you against the online casino slot machines, it's you against other real human-being online slot players. You all start the tournament with the same number of coins and the same amount of time to play them, and then you use your online slots luck and online slots strategy to compete for real cash prizes and the coveted title of Online Slots Champion. What a thrill that would be!
Plus Loads of Great Online Casino Games
Of course, there is a lot more to All Slots than just slots. In fact, you can find literally hundreds of great online casino games at All Slots.
Take roulette, for example. All Slots offers American, European, and French roulette, as well as multiwheel roulette, multiplayer roulette, Premier Roulette, Gold Series online roulette games, and progressive jackpot Roulette Royale. That's a lot of roulette you can play in the casino online. You can also play many variations of online blackjack, video poker, keno, scratch cards, and more.
Or try something completely different. Experiencing a new game that you've never tried before is part of the fun of playing in a casino online. So try your hand at Sic Bo or Bonus Pai Gow Poker or Baccarat. Who knows? You could end up loving it.
The All Slots Live Casino
The All Slots Live Casino combines the best of all worlds. As an online casino, it gives you the freedom to play from any computer, anywhere in the world, at any time, at your convenience. But like a brick-and-mortar casino, it has real live people who deal the cards or spin the roulette wheel and cheerfully announce your winnings. And these dealers are extremely attractive, which certainly doesn't hurt anything.
The convenience of the online casino combined with the attractiveness of lovely live dealers: you can have it all at All Slots Live Casino.
Progressive Jackpots at All Slots
A progressive jackpot is just what it sounds like: it is a jackpot that progresses — in other words, it gets bigger — every time someone plays the game. Then, when some lucky gambler hits the jackpot, it resets and starts progressing again. For a chance to win big money in the casino online, progressive jackpot games are the way to go.
All Slots has all kinds of progressive jackpot games. It has 3-reel and 5-reel online progressive slot machines, it has progressive poker, progressive blackjack, progressive roulette, and progressive video poker. Lots of progressive games, lots of big jackpots, and lots of fun at All Slots.
And how do you win a progressive jackpot? Well, the ways of winning are as varied as the games themselves. You can get five King symbols on the ninth payline on the King Cashalot progressive slot machine. You can get a Royal Flush in Poker Ride. The same number hitting five consecutive times will do it in Roulette Royale, as will a hand of three diamond 7s in Triple Sevens Blackjack. Any way you do it, winning a progressive jackpot at All Slots means winning many thousands — maybe even millions — of real dollars or Euros for an unforgettable online casino payout.
Play Slots for Fun or Play for Real Money
At All Slot Casino, you will never be pressured into betting and risking your money if you don't want to. With just a few exceptions — the progressive jackpot games, the multiplayer games, and the live dealer games — all of the games at All Slots can be played for free and just for fun or can be played for real money. It's your choice. You can start with play for fun and then switch over to play for real after you have had a chance to familiarize yourself with the game and to perfect your strategy, or you can play for fun forever just because it's fun. A land-based brick-and-mortar casino would never let you play the games without gambling, but when you play casino games online at All Slots you are free to play for fun as much as you want to.
Welcome to All Slots Casino
Welcome to All Slots! Check out our online slot machines and other online casino games and check out the exciting bonuses and promotions in store for you. Good luck and have fun!!
Become an affiliate partner - join BrightShare today.
Tomb Raider © Square Enix Ltd.
2016, all rights reserved©. All Slots© and All Slots Casino© are registered trademarks. Digimedia Ltd, of Villa Seminia 8, Sir Temi Zammit Avenue, Malta, is authorized and licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority. License numbers MGA/CL1/542/2008 and MGA/CL3/542/2008 were both issued on 16 June 2010. License number MGA/CL1/932/2013 was issued on 6 November 2014.
Footer Icons AS