https://www.allteen.com
All Talk And Nae Trousers
All Talk and Nae Trousers
About the author
I've decided to write this blog about the magic of SEX.
I might aswell put my vast knowledge to use one way or another.
Also generaly about beauty, style and life shit :)
Ask me anything and I mean anything.
Submit
Search
Blog Tools
Archive
RSS
Likes
Post via kinderwhat
The fucking hipsters have even ruined kinderwhorePost via kinderwhat
Photo via bustygirlcomicsGravity plays favorites.Photo via bustygirlcomics
Photoset via thefrogman
I got an Appa. I decided he needed a passenger so I put Han Solo on his back.
Han was like, “Yip yip” and Appa was like, “I know.”
Photoset via thefrogman
Photoset via icesparks
simpledisneythings: Magic mirror on the wall, who is the baddest of them all?
Photoset via icesparks
Photoset via bunniesbeertittiestattsschlongss
fyeahsuperheroes:
nomandi:
Gambit Premium Format Figure by Sideshow Collectibles
NEED!
WANT!
Photoset via bunniesbeertittiestattsschlongss
0 notes
April 28, 2013
Semi-triumphant return
Hello little lambkins I have just re-discovered my tumblr account, ain’t that a hoot? Seems I must have run out of sex things to write about, after a while the topic tends to run a little dry. Its a beautiful sunny day here in the city of Edinburgh and the old ball and chain is at a trial shift for some brunch place up the street, I hope he gets it as I fucking love brunch, and so I thought I would pop in and have a shot at writing an entry on a phenomena that I recently discovered. I realise that I am indeed not the first person to notice women being attracted to men who treat them like shit.
I’m sure I’ll get ever so many “strong independent ladies who don’t need no man” arguing with that point but its fucking true so shut up. A chum of mine, who really is a very nice guy, is always knee deep in clunge and I have been having a bugger of a time figuring out why. Hes OK looking I suppose, nothing to write home about, but he has this immense sex appeal and I always put it down to him not giving a fuck, always being slightly mean, and assumed that he had a huge penis. But the other night this really gorgeous girl was sitting in a bar and he walked up to her and said “Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?” Utter nonsense, to which she told him about her implant and gave him her number. WHAT??
I am still completely and utterly confused; he didn’t use charm, he wasn’t mean or sarcastic, he didn’t blatantly not play to her whim as he usually does he simply said a sentence that meant nothing and this girl gave him her number.
I feel he may have coined a new tactic, literally just confusing women into sleeping with him…hes a genius.
1,652,451 notes
September 1, 2012
If you support gay marriage reblog this. If you’re on the homophobic side, keep scrolling.
(Source: heatherskelter3, via timetowhine)
0 notes
August 16, 2012
Anonymous asked:
Oh my... Love the "ask me anything, I mean anything". I'm the kind of guy who'd LOVE to meet that kind of proposition IRL because one of my main game around lies in pushing the people's limit, I do it all the time. Mainly for fun and it went far a few days (excuse my approx english). In fact, there is a thing I'd like to ask you and I so well know that authosisation to ask anything just means you won't be offended if I do and goes for nothing more. First, are u still there ? (very nice blog) S
Thanks, yeah I’m here to answer all and any questions to the best of my ability so shoot.
0 notes
July 17, 2012
1 note
July 17, 2012
Burlesque.
Hello again kittycats today I wanna write about something that I am in love with, the beautiful art of burlesque.This was sparked by a conversation I had with a gentleman last night who disapproved of my involvement in burlesque and said that I was essentially a stripper.
People who say that burlesque is glamorised stripping are wrong…to an extent. Of course burlesque involves stripping and is certainly far more glamorous than your run of the mill stripping but it involves so much more, burlesque is about the performance and I just love it. Also, of course, you never need to let your cat out and unless you choose to there is no need to be topless at any time either.
Not only is it sexy as fuck but its also funny, clever, and it promotes a healthy body type as most of the women who perform in burlesque are curvy and voluptuous as apposed to bony skinny strippers. Many different people go to burlesque shows, groups of friends, couples young and old, parties lots and lots of different people as apposed to crowds of disgusting drooling men. Also a huge difference, NOONE IS THROWING MONEY AT YOU.
When burlesque began it didn’t really even involve nudity, it was just a show that involved music and acting which was usually a farsical comedy intended purely to make people laugh. Nudity came in much later but still we keep a hold of the original values along with the boobies.
So ladies who aren’t typically “thin” do not dispare you are still sexy and burlesque proves that, and don’t let anyone make you feel like a whore for doing a little burlesque it is empowering, it is fun, and it is art. Watch some Dita von Tease shows, they are fantastic to watch and they prove my point.
Get involved, you wont regret it :) Love you all xx
Filed under burlesque sexy
202 notes
July 15, 2012
d3cide:
hey babe
(via witchyfuck)
412 notes
July 12, 2012
fyeahsuperheroes:
nomandi:
Gambit Premium Format Figure by Sideshow Collectibles
NEED!
GIMMEGIMMEGIMMEGIMME
WANT!
(via bunniesbeertittiestattsschlongss)
1 note
July 9, 2012
I’m sexy and I know it.
My beautiful wolf when he was just a young doggy :)
Filed under dog funny
2 notes
July 9, 2012
Well I did tell her to smile.
Filed under dog funny teeth
0 notes
July 6, 2012
AAAHHHHHH TOO MUCH LOVE
my lovely tiffin
Next page
Page 1 of 9
We love Tumblr & Stationery by Thijs