https://www.allthingsperv.tumblr.com
All Things Perverted
All Things Perverted
The older woman next door gave me the best christmas present or maybe I gave it to herI want to exchange gifts with her next!!! Thanks for the submission Ted!
Posted 2 weeks ago
24 notes
Tagged: submission, creampie, spread, wet pussy, hairy, amateur, cum, .
Fuck this tight little pussyI’d love to!  Thanks iwant0449 for the submission!
Posted 2 weeks ago
6 notes
Tagged: submission, fucking, From Behind, doggy, ass, young, .
I can just imagine the moment of peeling those panties away from that wet pussy, the slight little tug you feel as the stickiness between cunt and fabric gives way.
Posted 3 weeks ago
22 notes
Tagged: wet pussy, hairy, panties, spread, amateur, shirt on no pants, .
Once I pulled the jeans off my wife, I couldn’t tell yet if the huge wet spot on her panties was just her being extremely wet and horny, or if it was cum leaking from her pussy from some guy she may have fucked that afternoon.  Either way, I was about to enjoy it!
Posted 3 weeks ago
17 notes
Tagged: wet pussy, panties, cum on panties, spread, chubby, cheating fantasy, bbw, amateur, .
If that’s not inviting a fuck from behind, I don’t know what is!
Posted 3 weeks ago
12 notes
Tagged: milf, mautre, ass, From Behind, couch, shirt on no pants, .
Mom said we couldn’t fuck, but she’d have us both get naked, and we’d stand there holding each other tight, my cock rubbing on her bare skin until it would shoot a load all over her leg.
Posted 3 weeks ago
15 notes
Tagged: incest fantasy, mature, hairy, amateur, mom/son, cumshot, cum on body, .
No one suspected what my sister in law showed me whenever we happened to be left alone in a room together
Posted 3 weeks ago
13 notes
Tagged: incest fantasy, mature, flashing, pussy, upskirt, amateur, .
Even though Grandma lives on the other side of the country, we still find ways to have fun. Obviously she enjoyed the picture I emailed her!
Posted 3 weeks ago
15 notes
Tagged: incest fantasy, granny, masturbation, mature, dildo, toys, Hard Cock, .
Gotta love a girl who’s so horny she only cares about getting her panties off so you can satisfy her pussy…..and this is one I’d love to satisfy!
Posted 3 weeks ago
19 notes
Tagged: milf, mature, spread, shaved, wet pussy, panties off, amateur, .
Don’t know exactly what their plans are, but it’s obviously going to get messy
Posted 3 weeks ago
5 notes
Tagged: spread, shaved, wet, mature, .
Looks a bit like CP’s pussy when I licked her to orgasm on her living room floor and then on her sofa while her husband was at work.
Posted 3 weeks ago
8 notes
Tagged: looks like, CP, spread, mature, shaved, wet pussy, lingerie, .
Sis was so drunk, she didn’t hesitate when I asked her masturbate in front of me. She didn’t even care when I told her how I loved the look of her wet cunt so much that I was going to take some pictures.
Posted 3 weeks ago
9 notes
Tagged: incest fantasy, spread, wet pussy, dildo, toys, shirt on no pants, masturbation, amateur, .
1
2
3
4
5
Next page →
These are the things that turn me on. I'll throw in the odd pic of me or my girlfriend occasionally....my avatar is actually her.
Please feel free to ask questions, make comments or submit pics, and of course reblogs are always welcome. What turns me on?
The list is infinite, but I really like amateurs, matures, chubby, cumshots and creampies, couples, threesomes, and groupsex.
With the exception of a few personal pics I may show, I do not claim ownership of anything posted here.
If I have posted something you own and you don't wish me to have it on here, please just let me know the necessary details and I'll be happy to remove it.
Of course this blog is for 18+ only and I WILL NOT post, nor accept submissions of or from minors, and of course everything here is NSFW.
Thanks for stopping by and happy tumblin'!
Ask me anything
Submit pics here!
My blog
All of Tumblr
Follow on Tumblr
Following
RSS feed
Random
Archive
Mobile
© 2012–2016 Powered by Tumblr