https://www.allysins.tumblr.com
Allysins
Google+
Facebook
About Me
Contact
It’s Christmas Eve (12:29 a.m.)Spending the night at Theatair X, sucking cock in the parking lot, and letting men take turns on me in the theater. Been posting on Craigslist for a week that I’d be here, and made 8 men cum before midnight. I got enough candy to go for 2 or 3 days without stopping, when the sun comes up I’m getting a room and letting men use me for the next two days until I pass out. Text everybody in both my phones, and set my Craigslist email addresses to autorespond with my room#.Want cum from at least 50 men swimming in my tummy before I even get to the room…I wanna feel so fucking filthy I cry about it <3I’m gonna let the webcam record everything, and post vids (having Madysin post the first vid asap!).
December 24 – 756 Notes
My little feet in pink heels <3
December 19 – 360 Notes
What would you do to me? <3I’d never tell…
December 19 – 573 Notes
That moment when…You’re still pregnant from last week, and you’ve been letting total strangers pump cum inside your asshole for almost 3 days straight, fucked up out of your mind, and there’s nothing in your stomach except pills, tequila, and the cum you licked off the bed. <3Everytime somebody new walks in and shoves their cock inside me, all I can do is cry like a baby, but iced up and I can’t fucking stop.
November 28 – 884 Notes
Off I-465 on Pendleton Pike in an apartment behind the strip club, letting men use my ass ONLY today. Bar’d out and rolling,fucking hard, been going since 10 last night. Pussy is numb, and my asshole is already raw…lost count,…every time I see a wedding ring, I fucking cum because I know after they unload inside me, they’re going home to dinner with the wife and family.You think he’s going Black Friday shopping? Wrong bitch, lol.If you’re in Indianapolis today, and you wanna abuse my asshole, email me <3
November 26 – 821 Notes
Compilation of 50 strangers fucking my throat, and pumping their cum all over my face <3Daddy, are you proud of your baby girl?
November 16 – 4277 Notes
Rolling hard. I can feel them in my ass dissolving. Thinking about the men who are about to walk in the door and abuse me is about to make me cum <3They say they wanna make me cry while they fuck me….So, I’m giving them something to hurt me with <3
November 11 – 406 Notes
Passed out at Ashlee’s house waiting for her younger brother to get off work. My body was sore, I’d been up for two days, and as soon as I laid down and took off my heels I was out <3Found this video on my phone the next day <3
November 11 – 694 Notes
My reward for being a dirty lil’ bitch <3
November 10 – 766 Notes
I fucking love blacklight <3Just made myself cum twice licking and grinding all over the fresh glowing cum stains on the bedspread. Now it’s time to get ready for the Monday morning rush (when married working men need a whore). Been in this room making boys cum since 2 p.m. yesterday, and have 14 generous men scheduled before 10 a.m. <3 being filthy
November 9 – 624 Notes
Two white cocks using me before I left for Florida <3Another stranger from Craigslist had just unloaded inside me before they pulled up. One fisted my ass while his friend made out with me, grinding his cock all over my kitty <3I stretched myself open and let them both jack off inside my raw asshole <3
November 7 – 1173 Notes
allysins:
10 black cocks breed me in 90 minutes.Last Saturday I met a group of black men from Marietta, GA while I was outside smoking. One after another, they came over and pounded my little kitty and asshole until they emptied their cum inside me <3
#Throwback Thursday
November 5 – 5902 Notes
Last month outside a strip club on Orange Blossom Trail, letting strangers fuck me in the parking lot <3#orlando
October 25 – 738 Notes
One of the men who used me Friday night. He said his bitch can’t make his cum anymore <3I sucked his cock for at least 30 minutes,.. played with my kitty and made myself cum 3 times pushing his cock down my throat.
October 25 – 1200 Notes
Last Thursday, about to pass out <3
October 23 – 638 Notes
Wicked by ThemeCloset