https://www.almostjailbait.blogspot.com
Almost Jailbait
Almost Jailbait
Tuesday, October 16, 2007
I luv AOL
Hey Daddies! xoxox Lots of hugs and kisses for all of you!Ever since I started hanging out on aol, I been chatting with so many Daddies and older men, and I love it! Soooo... give me a call so I can tell you exactly what I do with Daddies! Instant message me by clicking here if you are signed onto AOL or AIM, and we'll get it set up! Now you can explore all those taboo fantasies you have for younger girls! I love age play, incest play, and being Daddy's little girl. I have no limits! You'll also get a free titty pic of me and a free pic of me naked on the bed fingering myself. :)xoxox,AlexaP.S. I keep forgetting to mention that I'm selling my panties again! They are worn and used by me, but clean, and sprayed with my perfume so you know what I smell like! I mail them out in a discreet package and they are only $12. Priority shipping is free. xoxox
posted by Almost Jailbait at 1:39 AM
2 comments
Thursday, October 4, 2007
Chat!
Hi everyone! I hope all my Daddies are doing good! xoxoxI wanna talk about my chatroom. It's on AOL and it's called "xoxox Alexa" which stands for hugs and kisses from Alexa. Come chat with me sometime! I also go in the "cuties" room and the "cutest cuties" room. I created the cutest cuties room, but I gave it away. I love chatting and hanging out online, but I don't do IMs, or I'd type my fingers away.So nobody wants me to do more pics. That's okay. They cost too much! I go to a studio and have a professional photographer take my pics. The place I go to is owned by a nice husband and wife couple, and they are really professional. The wife is present at each shoot, and she even stands in different poses for me to copy so I don't look retarded. Call and talk to me! Yeah, you! Nobody will know you called. And if you don't tell me your AOL name, I won't know who you are. So, quit being so shy and take me up on the freebie I offer to all new callers. You know you wanna talk to a REAL teen girl who loves to be Daddy's girl.xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 10:50 PM
0 comments
Saturday, September 22, 2007
Fun
Hi Daddies! Welcome to my free blog, where you can see my free pics and get a free phone sex call! I'm old enough to do this sexy stuff now. And I'm always being asked by guys to call me. Guys just seem to like me for some reason! :)You probably came from the email I sent you after you emailed me on AOL. I like hanging out in the cuties room even though some chatters don't want me there. I dunno why not! hahaAnyway, I am taking a poll. Should I go back to the studio for more sexy pics? It's up to you to decide. Post a comment to let me know! In the mean time, scroll down to see some of the pics I've already posted. Have fun.xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 1:05 AM
3 comments
Saturday, September 8, 2007
Free Naked Pics!
Hi Daddies! I'm back! Yay!I have a hot freebie for you. When you call me for the first time you get 3 FREE minutes to talk to me on the phone! Yay again! And if you tell me you saw me in the cutest cuties chatroom on AOL and requested my site, you'll get 3 free pics of me. And yes, you will see my tits and pussy! Super yay! Just click the flashing graphic that says "Click here" to get started and we will be talking very soon!I love showing off to Daddies! Daddies are #1!xoxox,AlexaP.S. Don't forget! 3 free minutes and 3 free pics!
posted by Almost Jailbait at 4:15 AM
0 comments
Monday, September 3, 2007
New Pics!
Okay Daddies, I went back to the studio and got some new pics! Again! I really like showing off for the camera and showing my body to you! Do you like looking at me? How come you haven't called and told me? You get a free call just to try me out. Don't be a chicken! You are my Daddy, and Daddies are strong and brave. I love you big strong hands on my body, and I love how you make me feel. I wanna make you feel good too!Just click this little picture to see the full size picture!xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 9:23 PM
0 comments
Wednesday, August 22, 2007
New Sexy Pics!
Okay I went back and got more pictures done! I hope you like them. I have the naughty ones in a safe place. I am also maybe gonna do a video of me! I dunno yet. Maybe I will. Leave me a comment if you want me to and maybe I will.Well guess what! I do like to do phone sex. I do. I like doing it and I wonder how come you haven't called me. Yeah you! haha Get with the program and call me. I know I'm kinda young, but it's okay. You will love talking to me cuz I can get pretty dirty! And you even get to talk to me for 3 free minutes. If you don't like me you can hang up.Here are some of my new pics.
xoxox,AlexaP.S. I just graduated and I got straight B's (except for 1 C), and I like to talk about all kinds of things, but I mostly like to do sex stuff!
posted by Almost Jailbait at 11:02 PM
0 comments
Friday, August 17, 2007
Where's my kisses?
Hi Guys! I just wanted to stop by for a few minutes and give some kisses! SMOOCH!! KISS!!Yeah, I like kissing. It's so hot to french kiss, don't you think? Maybe you can call me and I'll tell you how I want to kiss you, and where I want to kiss you! I'll be a good girl and climb up in your lap, and give you kisses! I promise I will let you kiss me anywhere you wanna. I really like doing that!Hey, I got a new cell phone! It's pink! I love it. I named her Pinkie. I downloaded some cool ringtones too. It kinda sounds like fairies sounds! Like little twinkly sounds. Pretty!So who is going to phone fuck me first on it? Don't act like phone sex is so scary! All you do is jerk off while I talk dirty to you, and you get to listen to me playing with my pussy. No big deal! And since you get to call me the first time for 3 free minutes, you can always hang up if hearing me masturbate makes you feel weird. Okay ready? Click the button and talk to me!xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 8:37 PM
1 comments
Saturday, July 14, 2007
Amber Sweet
Hey guys, did you know about my sexy friend Amber Sweet? I told her about all the fun sex stuff you guys like to do with me, and so she wants to do it too! Yay! She's really pretty, and super horny like me. She likes doing phone sex and likes it when pervs call her! This one Daddy that's been calling her loves to listen to her tell him all the sex she's done. One time me and her were on the phone at the same time, and we did naughty things together! It was SO hot! Okay, well that's all for now. I just thought I'd tell you about my friend Amber Sweet!xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 4:01 AM
1 comments
Monday, June 25, 2007
Sugar Baby 4U
Hi, it's me (Alexa) again, and I was wondering if anyone wants to be my Sugar Daddy. I would like a special guy to spoil me and make me feel like a princess. I'm not a demanding bratty girl, and I don't dominate guys into giving me stuff, but it's a fact that all girls like to feel special and be called princess. That's just how we are. So if you want to spoil a girl and make her smile then please pick me!Once you start talking to me you will find out that I'm really a sweet girl, and I just want to make someone happy by being a good sugar baby. Since I'm not in school anymore I have lots of time to spend with you, and we can get real naughty together! Whenever I get told I'm a good girl or when I get presents, I always want to say thank you by sucking on your cock! That's just how I am!Please! I want a Sugar Daddy! Let me know if you want to be my Sugar Daddy!xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 6:07 AM
1 comments
Saturday, June 23, 2007
My Panties
There's this guy who loves my panties like crazy! My dirty panties! Yup he loves to dig around in my hamper and find a pair of worn panties and then he sticks them in his mouth. Crotch first! And he jerks off while he is doing it too. And he loves to look at my pretty pussy while he is doing it cuz he says he loves my bald pussy. He is so cool!Okay I have been up all night working on this site and I am ready for bed now! Too bad no one is here to tuck me in! :(Maybe tomorrow you can call me and tell me what you would do to me if you could tuck me in! I will give you the full size picture of me topless if you do! I have pretty nipples and I know you wanna see them.xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 9:20 AM
0 comments
Hey Guys!
Hey guys! I got my own site now! I got a blog and I blinged it out on my own. It's hot! I know you love it. Okay, this is really just a test post to see if it is gonna be as awesome as I think it is!I was right. It's awesome. Okay I will write more later!Now give me a call and tell me how much you just love my new site! Please!xoxox,Alexa
posted by Almost Jailbait at 7:32 AM
1 comments
About Me
Name:
Almost Jailbait
Location:
Tennessee, United States
View my complete profile
About Alexa
age: 18
home: Tennessee
hair: blonde
eyes: blue
height: 4'11"
weight: 88 lbs
boobs: 32a
pussy: waxed
quote: If I was anyyounger I'd bejailbait!
Click my pics
Talk to me
3 free minutes/$1.95 afterwardsDiscreetly billed as NF Services.Your first 3 minutes are free.Click HERE to IM me to set it up.
Spoil me
Fashion bug
Target
Bath and Body Works
Amazon Gift Cert
Send all onlinegift certificates toalexaflirts@aol.com
Twitter
follow almostjailbat at http://twitter.com
Message Me
Archives
June 2007
July 2007
August 2007
September 2007
October 2007
I'm Alexa. A real 18 year old open-minded girl who works for herself doing phone sex. I'm old enough to make a living for myself, and this is the way I want to do it. I enjoy fantasies on the phone with older men! If you need a no-limits girl who enjoys exploring taboo subjects, call me for barely legal phone sex, age play phone sex, incest phone sex, roleplay phone sex, and more! Enjoy my pics while we play on the phone. I had them professionally done so you could see me clearly. Please don't steal my pictures. Only me and my photographer have the legal rights to publish these pictures online or in print. My pics are for sale to other websites by my photographer, or by me for myself ONLY. This website is copyright © 2007. All rights reserved. Please see the bolded text below regarding record keeping requirements for this website.
This website is exempt from the record keeping requirements of 18 U.S.C. § 2257(a)-(c). This website contains only visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct made before July 3, 1995, or is produced, manufactured, published, duplicated, reproduced, or reissued before July 3, 1995; the matter contained within this website contains only visual depictions of simulated sexually explicit conduct; and/or the matter within this website contains only some combination of the visual depictions described in paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2) of 28 C.F.R. 75.7.