https://www.alwaysdarkintentions.tumblr.com
Dark Intentions
Home
Ask me anything
Submit
Archive
RSS
So
tell me Jim do you think you can fuck me better than your brother does? He is
going to be gone for a while. Let’s fuck till I can’t walk anymore.
1 day ago
/  2 notes
2 days ago
/  0 notes
“Is
there anything else I can do for you tonight Mr. Smith?” The question hung in
the air as I was about to drop off the babysitter at her house. What would you
do?
2 days ago
/  1 note
There is something thrilling about fucking the neighbor’s
wife when he is out of town. God, she sure as hell knew how to ride a cock!
2 days ago
/  0 notes
Surprise
daddy! Happy birthday! I know you have been lonely ever since mom left so I
thought who better to take care of you than me!
2 days ago
/  4 notes
There you baby. Hold your tits closer. Show your new daddy
just what a slut you are. Having a step-daughter was going to be fun!(via crazycajun69)
2 days ago
/  366 notes
/  Source: blackadultblog
So
little brother I felt bad hearing your girl broke up with you while you were
deployed overseas. I may not be as sexy as her but I hope this will help during
those long nights. I look forward to having you back home till than enjoy the
view !
2 days ago
/  3 notes
A
good wife will do whatever she can to make sure her husband is happy. Even if
that means fucking his friends after he loses at poker night? Just being
helpful right?
3 days ago
/  2 notes
Going
baby cum for mommy! Show me exactly why you love these soft tits. Mmm give
mommy the lotion she needs.
3 days ago
/  15 notes
My
daughter’s friend Tammy had been talking a big game about how she could rock my
world. I blew it off as another hot teen boasting till she sent me a personal
email showcasing her skills on a toy. Now I had to figure out an excuse to tell
my wife why I had to leave the house for a bit…
3 days ago
/  0 notes
Becca
had developed a lot since the last time I saw her. Back than she was flat
chested but now sported a DD rack that I couldn’t keep my eyes off. Before I
could think about how wrong it would be to sleep with my best friends daughter
a few drinks hit and I found myself sliding my cock in and out of those massive
fun bags…
3 days ago
/  7 notes
My sister had been getting really close with my girlfriend
at school. What I didn’t know was how close. So one day after school I was
having sex with my girl and my sister came in. Before I could protest my girl
told me she invited her. Our live would never be the same afterwards but I’m
not going to complain…(via eozgur22)
3 days ago
/  420 notes
/  Source: cirrusmajor
I tried so hard to hold back I saw how she was growing up but when my lil sister trapped me on the balcony with oil in hands I could resist any more! God nothing ever felt as good as ramming my hard dick in those massive tits. I didn’t care anymore if we got caught She was all I could think about now…
1 month ago
/  13 notes
Go ahead Bill show me what you got that your brother don’t! Fuck my fat tits cum on my face than turn me over and fuck me hard…
1 month ago
/  15 notes
They said there was no sex in the champagne room but they never said I could ram my cock in between this sluts fat milk bags for the right price…
1 month ago
/  6 notes
← Older