https://www.alwaysdiscreet.com
Adult Incontinence
— Sensitive Bladder
— Always Discreet
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Always Discreet for Incontinence
United States- English
Canada - English
Canada - Français
France - Français
Puerto Rico - Español
United Kingdom - English
Germany – Deutsch
United States- English
Canada - English
Canada - Français
France - Français
Puerto Rico - Español
United Kingdom - English
Germany – Deutsch
Samples & Coupons
Home
Products
Always Discreet Liners
Always Discreet Pads
Always Discreet Underwear
All Products
Shop by Lifestyle
Advice and Support
Expert Answers
Helpful Articles
Discussion Forum
FAQs
For full site functionality, please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences
"
"
Enjoy laugh-all-you-want bladder leak protection.
Available in Liners, Pads and Underwear.
Watch Video
Liners
Our thin and flexible liners absorb 2x more than you may need*, so you don’t constantly have to worry about sneaky overactive bladder leaks!
Shop Liners
*Based on average US consumer usage.
Pads
At up to 40% thinner than the leading brand of incontinence pads, it’s no wonder more women already prefer Always Discreet pads for their incontinence over Poise Pads.*
Shop Pads
*Moderate Regular among incontinent U.S. women with a preference. Poise is a trademark of Kimberly-Clark Worldwide.
Underwear
With our soft Dual LeakGuards™ and advanced triple layer core, our adult diapers comfortably relieve the burden of heavy and unpredictable urinary incontinence.
Shop Underwear
What is urinary incontinence? Why does it happen?
Read the Article
What’s your type of urinary incontinence?
Read the Article
7 Natural Ways to Care For Your Urinary Incontinence
Read the Article
Related Articles & Content
5 Myths about Urinary Incontinence
Adult incontinence can be embarrassing and difficult to talk about. Maybe that’s why there are so many misconceptions today about bladder ...
Life Over 50: Five Tips to Stop Fearing Adult Incontinence
With age comes wisdom and experience. But, sometimes, that experience can include new and challenging signs of aging that can impact your body and ...
Are you Taking a Risk? Overweight, Obesity, Diabetes and Bladder Sensitivity
Bladder sensitivity, also known as adult incontinence.
Motherhood & Urinary Incontinence
So many new experiences and challenges come with a new baby! Here’s one that many moms face but few talk about: urinary incontinence.
Why Menopause Can Mean Incontinence
Menopause is a big time of change in every woman’s life.
Live Your Life And Take Care of Your Body – Loud & Proud!
As a fitness expert, I am all for women feeling fabulous, staying fit and loving their lives. And I mean, ALL women. Age is just a number; I’m ...
Contact Us
About Always Discreet
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Request Free Product Samples & Coupons
Ad Choices
More amazing protection:
Bladder control problems may be treated medically.Please consult your physician for professional advice.
© 2016 Procter & Gamble. All rights reserved. All claims valid only in the U.S. & Canada
Questions? Call us 1-855-206-8286
Please Select Your Country
Canada
United States