https://www.amandastory.com
Janette Steinlicht
1.5M ratings
277k ratings
See, that’s what the app is perfect for.
Sounds perfect
Wahhhh, I don’t wanna
Janette Steinlicht
Archive
How to Ensure Your Website Is Mobile-Friendly
You know how it is… you’re on a bus desperately trying to find something online and you’ve found a website that could have the information you’re after. However, the website was almost impossible to view on your smartphone screen with tiny hard-to-read content, missing features, disorderly navigation bars, and very small clickables that are extremely difficult to touch with your fingers. Consequently, you just got really annoyed and gave up searching this website altogether and rather switched to a more mobile-friendly website.Sadly, this is the typical problem that almost all internet mobile owners have experienced. After all, many people are constantly on the move and would prefer to take a look at internet sites thru the web browsers on their cell phones or tablets. And it doesn’t make any difference if you’ve already done a lot of work with SEO on your website, simply because improved website traffic will just get wasted if mobile users can’t get easy access to the information on your website within the first few seconds or can’t even open it up right from the start.As a business owner with an online presence, you should make sure that your own personal “home” or “main office” in the cyberworld, that is your internet site, is ready to welcome visitors and provide them a good buyer experience. Don’t miss out on potential customers just because your site is not mobile-friendly.Checking To See If Your Site is Not Mobile-Friendly The following are a few really obvious signs that you can watch for that will be useful as warning indicators or evidence that your website really needs revamping for mobile visitors.Unappealing Design and styleOpen your website in a mobile phone and in a number of other devices in order to assess how your design appears on various screens. If the web site looks less attractive, seems a bit messed up, cluttered and complicated, then it means you must think twice about using this layout. You can also check how responsive or adaptive your website is to various screen formats simply by reducing your browner window size and observing how your website adjusts. Proper websites will dynamically adjust themselves when the window dimensions change. Hard-to-Read ContentIs the font of your website too small when being read on the cellphone? Bear in mind that you have to get the attention of your site visitor at once and also give your most important facts straight away. This simply won’t work if your visitors can’t even read the words or understand the style and design to start with.Misplaced DesignWhenever your website is not made for smartphone viewing, most chances are the pictures will be lost. For instance, an image in your home-page may be awkwardly placed towards the bottom instead of being nicely incorporated with the written text. An accompanying picture for your blog may even end up covering some text. Things like these are telltale signs.Unclickable Control buttonsMaybe your Web address sends a user to your website page with that super important clickable button that contains subscription. Or perhaps visitor actually decides to buy something from your web store and has to click a particular button to do the transaction. Now what if they cannot click because the button looks too tiny or it is just not working? What happens if the button is placed side-by-side along with other clickables and they keep being transported to other webpages? These will make the person feel annoyed or dissatisfied.Complicated MenuJust like with buttons, if you have tabs that lead to significant webpages of your website but mobile navigation cause it to be hard to get to those pages, then your company is in serious trouble. Sometimes, there might even be missing features or tabs once your website is viewed on mobile devices. So be sure to be on the lookout for such.What Can You Do to Make Your Web Site Mobile-FriendlyNow that you are very well informed that your internet site is actually not good for convenient viewing and menu on different mobile phones, below are a few methods to help you to better:Make Your Layout More simpleYou have to improve your internet site design and style if you want it to be more mobile-friendly. By doing this, the design will not look complicated and menu will be much easier. Moreover, you can avoid misplacement of elements like illustrations or photos and control buttons.Enlarge Font SizeYou need to start using a much bigger font size on all of your websites. Keep in mind that a lot of people will be using devices with smaller sized screens and may also not have very good vision.Limit Tab LabelsTry to minimize the length of the labels shown on control buttons and any tabs. This will simplify the overall feel of your website and give it a cleaner, open and less cluttered, user friendly feel.Focus on Information and factsIf you prefer your site to be mobile-friendly, it’s better to prioritize information. Choose the most important details to bring up on top of the folds or right in the heart of your home-page. Craft the text very carefully too so that the text will be short, straightforward, and fairly sweet.Get a Responsive Design and styleAll kinds of things will be easier if you have a responsive design and style or layout for your website as it permits automatic adjustments on numerous display screens.Together with your search engine optimization campaigns, make sure to go through the above suggestions for a mobile-friendly web site!
web design
SEO
mobile-friendly
Nov 14th, 2015
Open in app
Facebook
Tweet
Reddit
Mail
Embed
Permalink