https://www.amateur-hot-sex.com
My Fav Sex Cams
Toggle navigation
Top Cam Sites (20)
Free Cam Sites (15)
Sex Roulette Sites (8)
Live Cam Reviews (9)
Cam Dating (10)
International Cam Sites (8)
Live Cam Tubes (5)
Cams For Bitcoin (9)
Famous Cam Girls (10)
Shemale Cams (4)
Gay Cams (8)
Cam Girl Resources (5)
Hey, my name is Paul and these are my fav sex cams sites. I chat with sexy cam girls every day on many sites and I'd like to share these with you. I try to keep this list as good as possible, so if you have any suggestions of a good site I should add, email me: paul [at] myfavsexcams [dot] xxx
My Favorite Sex Cams
Top Cam Sites
Rabbits Cams
Jasmin.com
iFriends
Im Live
Cam Rabbit
Go Adult Cams
Asians247
Cam Tube Chat
Sexier.com
Cams.com
Cam Contacts
Sakura Live
XLoveCam
Japan Cams
NeedLive
Xcams
Live Pimpin
Cams Creative
Asian Cam Models
Fire Cams
Free Cam Sites
Chaturbate
My Free Cams
Go Nude Cams
CamSoda
Cam Place
Go XXX Cams
Tube Cam Girl
CamFuze
Cam4
Xhamster Cams
Porn.com Live
Adult Cams
OMG Chat
XXX-Live.webcam
Adult X Camz
Sex Roulette Sites
Slut Roulette
Dirty Roulette
Hot Roulette
Chat Rad
Cam Surf
Porno Roulette
Cam Girl Spin
Omexxx
Live Cam Reviews
Rabbits Reviews
Review My Cam
Sex Cam Reviews
Sex Cams 101
MyCamGirl
Top Cam Sites
Top Chats
Cams Hub
Webcam Reports
Cam Dating
My Dirty Hobby
Fling
Meet Cam Models
AdultFriendFinder
Passion.com
Sex Play Cam
Adult Work
NiteFlirt
Get Naughty
Cam Date Live
International Cam Sites
Live Strip (German)
Nederlandse Cams (Dutch)
DXLive (Japanese)
Cam Contactos (Spanish)
RusCams (Russian)
Runetki (Russian)
ShowUp.tv (Polish)
Live Seksi (Finnish)
Live Cam Tubes
Live Cam Clips
Recorded Cams
Webcams Dot
Sex Cams Tube
Cam Girls Hunter
Cams For Bitcoin
Bitcoin Cams
Strip 4 Bit
LiveJasmin
Live Strip
Chaturbate
Tits 4 Bitcoin
Xotika
Xhamster Cams
On Webcam
Famous Cam Girls
AmyFisher
AspenRae
BrittanyLive
SweetiModel
LexxiStar
Olivia
LAYLAA
SexySweetMasha
Shampane
BrooklynAvery
Shemale Cams
ShemaleCams.xxx
My Tranny Cams
Shemale.com
Tranny Cam Models
Gay Cams
Go Gay Cams
Camera Boys
Gay Free Cams
Gay Cam Flirt
XLoveGay
SuperMen.com
Go Live Guys
Hunk Privates
Cam Girl Resources
Tweet My Cam
Stripper Web
We Cam Girls
Cam Girl Wiki
iCammodel
Dr. Camlove or: How I Learned to Stop Watching Porn and Love Live Cams
My name is Paul and I love live cams.
It hasn't always been that way though.
I have been watching online porn since I was in my teens - and not to date myself here - but there weren't really any live sex cam sites around at the time (I believe ifriends was one of the first ones and that was around 1999). And also, if any of you remember the early days of live cams you'll recall that it was exciting to see, but the quality was awful (it didn't help that many of us were still on dial-up internet).
With that being said, it wasn't until about 5 years ago that I really started to experience live cams. And by "experience," I don't mean watching some crappy free live feeds posted as a bonus in your good old cookie cutter paysite members area. Been there - done that! I mean truly immersing myself into the experience, partly out of curiosity as to what would make some men give cam girls a 50,000$ tips in a single shot, but mostly to interact live with the type of women I loved having in my porn collection.
And as I spent more and more time browsing the live cam sites and seeing what they all offered I came to realize that I'm the kind of person that enjoys intimate, one-on-one, private experiences with a cam girl.
While MyFreeCams type of sites and Gold shows on RabbitsCams are certainly great for budget-conscious users - and I have definitely spent some great times on both- they are no substitute for my desire for intimacy, control and exclusivity in a cam show.
It's kind of like going to a strip club: I was never the guy that got on the stage or threw money at the girls so the whole club could watch her pick it up (to me, that's kind of what MyFreeCams is like). What I really enjoyed, was looking around, watching the girls dance and then picking one girl to take into a private booth, away from prying eyes where I can sit back and have her all to myself.
And if we bring the metaphor back to live cam sites, when you have the model all to yourself you get to direct the show. Tell her what you want to see and how you want to see it and most of the time your wish will be her command - just be polite, don't be a jerk and maybe ask her in the free chat what she does and doesn't do in private so you know before you head in there.
Now, I will say that the vast majority of my porn collection is hardcore porn rather than solo girl fun. But translating that to live cams is a little harder. It's a bit more difficult to find a couple on cam with decent looking people and a dude with a dick that's not limp or tiny. But it definitely can be done and I have had some very good couples cam experiences.
For lovers of fetish and kink, cam girls present infinite possibilities; you just have to find the right girl for the right kind of action! And most sites have at least some basic search and filter functions to help you narrow down your search and find that perfect kinky chick. Lots of girls do anal (one of my favorites), plenty of women are ready to dominate you and provide some hot JOI if that is your thing. Goth babes, emo chicks, bondage gear, BBWs, submissives… they are all out there for you to enjoy. Some girls even squirt - and while I have had to deal with really weak squirters who also take a ton of time to finally eek out a little liquid, I have also found a few girls that are like Old Faithful with how much and how well they can make themselves squirt. And when I find babes like that - who really provide the service I desire - I make sure to remember them and visit them often and tip them (no, not $50,000).
I also feel good knowing that many of the cam girls are, in a sense, independent business operators and they get a much larger % of the money I spend than they would if they were acting in a porn film. Sure, there are many under paid studio girls on cam sites, but, in my opinion, they're better off in a studio than working the streets. Regardless if she's a studio girl or work from home model, I love spoiling my favorites, by buying them gifts and tipping. It's for a good cause! I like to believe that.
Fresh content in porn is difficult to find, especially nowadays. Tube sites have a ton of free videos, but most of them are of crappy quality. I don't mind paying for porn, but then I'm stuck with mainly the same type of hardcore content and the same pornstars appearing in scene after scene where I have no control over the action.
Cam sites have tens of thousands of performers, with dozens of new ones appearing every day offering a much appreciated variety and freshness. Although, many guys go and fall for one particular model and that may leave them wanting when she disappears. And most of them do eventually.
I often find myself really enjoying a certain angle and/or position in a porn movie only to have the camera angle change and the performers switch positions. Whereas with a live cam girl, if she is in a perfect position for my pleasure I just tell her to stay like that and keep doing what she is doing. I don't have to worry about it changing in 30 seconds and me losing my mood.
Now the question some of you are asking is: have I ever hooked up with a cam girl in real life? I'll be honest with you: yes. Okay, now, I'll be honest with you: no! Yes, some cam chicks actually do escorting and are quite open to the idea (of course I have made inquiries - but have never followed up on it). But most of them prefer to keep the interactions virtual only, be it for their security and privacy or just because the men tend to remain more interested while the fantasy is not realized.
So, have I given up on recorded porn altogether? No, of course not. I still watch some porn now and then. Sometimes I'm horny at odd times of the day and my favorite cam girls aren't around. Or, maybe I just need to "take care of myself" really quickly or my internet is down and I can only access my saved collection.
So, yes it does happen, but live cams are definitely where I fulfill most of my sexual desires and fantasies these days. And with how many awesome girls are out there and how good the cams and the technology is these days, I really don't see myself ever going back.
Do you have a story to share? A comment? Feel free to drop me a line: paul [at] myfavsexcams [dot] xxx
Continue Reading