https://www.amateurbondage.tumblr.com
Amateur Bondage
Amateur Bondage
Amateur bondage fetish and BDSM
Archive
Search
January 15th, 2013 at 4:22PM
He was facing away from the table. To stop from choking I had to continue to swallow until his cock finally spouted it’s last drop. Mike just grinned as he turned around and looked me in the eye, “Be patient gents, be patient. He sat in his chair enjoying the sight of the subservient nakedd girl. It was in the last year of the training that the girls were taught the finer points of love making.
60 notes
#cocks#masturbate#bondage
January 15th, 2013 at 3:34PM
Then they resumed pumping the dildo in and out. I am one of those breed, can tear down a mass converter in my sleep. Mona must have noticed I kept glancing at the board to help remind me because she told us to go out and play. Just as before, it swung with deadly effect. James continued and said how I would be a different person from now on and he would be using a similar approach to ensure I behaved myself.
46 notes
#dungeon#orgasm#bondage
January 15th, 2013 at 2:48PM
Their moans increased, filling the room until finally Natalie came, screaming into the cock that so delightfully filled her mouth. Before that, there’s also the humiliating defeat of Supergirl in the hands of a group of bungling bank robbers and her subsequent disappearance. The girl’s feet were all spread slightly apart, as far as the chains through their ankle bracelets would allow. Shit, why couldn’t I have been born gay, he thought. If only I’d followed Jennoth’s advice just for once.
20 notes
#gallery#submission#stocks#bondage
January 15th, 2013 at 2:25PM
It will hurt to sit on them. The twenty-hour days I had put in during the last week had likely caused my failure to remember the cell phone. He dug in her pussy for a ring which he opened after dipping it in alcohol and stuck it into the bleeding hole left by the nail. My wife must have gotten under Jay. Earlier the dancing had been hard for her but this display was overwhelming for her.
105 notes
#rimjob#kicking#black#submission#bondage
July 26th, 2012 at 3:49PM
Her body was under a white sheet that came up to her bare shoulders, and rose up over her legs,obscuring her view of most of the room. Maybe because she was a little afraid of what they might say. Bea smiled broadly to the camera as the cum coated her face. I realise how vain my hopes are as another yellow-winged intruder comes flying in and lands on my right breast, quickly followed by a third one.
88 notes
#bondage#beautiful
July 26th, 2012 at 3:22PM
And all because of this. I was too tired to speak, but Vicki paced around, lecturing me. I looked up at the man I despised, his cock sliding in and out of my mouth, while he looked down at me with that smug grin. They’d used her face as a target for their circle-jerk, leaving her face drenched with adolescent cum. Mistress President told her to take the proper position for her punishment.
20 notes
#worship#seduction#whore#bondage
July 26th, 2012 at 2:59PM
Your two years are up.“ Julia had long ago lost all sense of time. You know this will hurt me terribly. She was on a chair across from us. She also did this at the middle of the shaft. "Greetings, ladies. "Mmmmm LOOK at me suck this hard cock, Lauren!” she panted between slurps. Right now she needed to concentrate on the final hand and didn¡¯t need any distractions. POOR POOR SUZIE.
39 notes
#legcuffs#foot#bondage
July 26th, 2012 at 2:10PM
He gave a little sigh of disappointment but his driving improved considerably. Violet smiled and encouraged her until Jenny laughed and charged into the living room. If you agree to be everybody’s love slave and eat pussy, suck dicks and lick ass-holes the rest of the night I’ll let you off the hook. I pulled in and parked the car. Did it hurt a lot?“ "Yeah but it was worth it. Diary, you already know how I feel about hoods.
13 notes
#slapped#hardcore#nipple#fetis#steel#bondage
July 26th, 2012 at 1:45PM
I felt dazed but had the prescence of mind to suggest she buy a swatter too. “Yes ma'am.” The big breasted girl blurted. Both Debbie and myself slept for the first few hours that we were in France, and I woke up as Jon opened the window at the motorway tollbooth. He didn’t want to admit out loud what he wanted more than anything, and he knew that they knew what he didn’t want to admit.
18 notes
#restraints#males#bondage
June 18th, 2012 at 5:31PM
Jim asked him if this new attitude had anything to do with his meeting the girls on the ship the past few days. I didn’t want to give up my new-found excitement yet. “You liked ogling me in the office this week, didn’t you Jason?,” she said as the playful smile slowly turned into a mischievous one. Did I tell him that? Definitely. Mike McKee had my wife completely in control now; he had humbled her and no doubt could do almost whatever he wanted to .
20 notes
#blowjob#stories#bound#bondage
Page 1
of 46
Older posts »
Brutal Simplicity Theme