https://www.as.org
Spark.com | Making online dating easy and fun for singles like you!
Join Free
Member Login
Take your time because it’s free to communicate with anyone on Spark, so get comfortable.
Communicate for Free
Unlike with those other guys
Spark.com let’s you view
profiles, read messages, and
respond to messages all for free.
Spark.com
Home
About Spark.com
Login
SparkTV
Contact Us
Safety
Member Services
Help & Advice
Verify Email
Site Map
Subscribe
Spark Networks®
About Spark Networks
Spark Networks' Sites
Advertise With Us
Affiliate Program
Investor Relations
Terms of Service
Our Intellectual Property
Privacy
Local Online Dating
Online Dating at Spark.com
Dating and finding love shouldn't be difficult. That's why at the NEW Spark.com, we focus on providing the highest quality online dating experience from day one by requiring that all of our members take a short, but detailed personality test called the Color Code. We also require all members to have a photo and allow all of our members to respond to emails.
At Spark.com, anyone can respond to emails. At most dating sites, non-paying members are limited to sending canned smiles or flirts but at Spark.com, singles can respond to anyone who sends them an email, making your search for love even easier.
We have millions of members from all walks of life, backgrounds, professions and ages, who are looking for others to share their experiences. New singles are joining all the time and tons of connections are being made every day.
Spark.com, ignite your possibilities.
What Sets Us Apart as an Online Dating Service?
How is the Color Code different from other dating site personality tests? Unlike sites that don't give you control over your own dating experience, the Color Code helps you learn how to build stronger and deeper relationships with the people YOU choose to meet. We call it our guided matching process and it's designed to guide you to dating success. We also make dating affordable by not charging an arm and a leg like those other guys, so you can meet thousands of quality singles on your journey for love.
How does requiring members to have photos improve your dating experience? Ask any of the singles who have used other online dating sites and they'll tell you the site was filled with blank profiles, and even half of those with any information are without a photo. Studies have shown that singles with a photo on their dating profile get at least 10 times more profile views. People want to see the smiling face behind the bio and personality test.
Compare Spark.com against: Match.com®
When you compare Spark.com to services such as Match.com you might ask 'What makes us different?' or 'Why should I join this dating site?' The answers are numerous. Lower prices: Buying from Match will likely cost you at least $40 while Spark is significantly less. Plus, we offer more features, it's free to respond to emails, we have the Color Code Personality Test, more members with photos, and more!
Join today by creating your free profile, post up to 12 photos and soon you'll be in the thick of online dating. Once you've joined, check out our Dating Advice Center to read about Online Dating Safety and Creating the Best Free Dating Profile.
Register and post your FREE dating profile today.
Follow us on: Twitter
Copyright © 2016 Spark Networks® USA, LLC. All rights reserved. Spark Networks USA, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Spark Networks, Inc., a NYSE MKT Company (LOV)
SPARK NETWORKS USA, LLC DOES NOT CONDUCT BACKGROUND CHECKS ON THE MEMBERS OR SUBSCRIBERS OF THIS WEBSITE. HOWEVER, THE SAFETY AND SECURITY OF OUR MEMBERS IS OUR TOP PRIORITY. WE URGE ALL MEMBERS TO FOLLOW OUR ONLINE SAFETY TIPS.