https://www.ashleylicks.com
Happily Ever After - Ashley Ladd Romance Writer
skip to main
|
skip to sidebar
Book ShelfAbout MeAshleys BooksComing SoonFree StoriesAuthor InterviewsAuthor Interview QuestionsWritingPromotionScheduleBlogfestsContact_AshleyBlogging
Sunday, November 02, 2014
Spooktacular Blog Hop Day 3 - Spooky Sojourn
It's the final day of our Spooktacular Blog Hop and as promised, I have another fresh excerpt. Don't forget to enter my contest and check out my new excerpt. All the other authors have contests and great excerpts too so please visit my colleagues.
Title: Spooky
Sojourn
Series Name
(If applicable) N/A
Publisher:
Totally Bound
Genre:
Contemporary Erotic male-female contemporary paranormal romance
Book Length:
50,000 words
Blurb:
Someone’s trying to kill Deanna, but is it the ghosts she doesn’t
believe in, the rich socialite who might be a murderess, or someone else with a
beef against The Gilroy Hotel and Resort that Deanna has just been hired to
manage?  The Gilroy’s owners want the
ghosts, or whoever is causing the trouble at the hotel eliminated, and they are
pressuring Deanna to do the job as quickly as possible. Harry DeVeaux,
paranormal investigator comes highly recommended to do the job and against
Deanna’s better judgment, she hires him.
Although Deanna thinks Harry’s crazy for believing in ghosts and Harry
thinks Deanna has a closed mind to the possibilities of ghosts and they highly
annoy each other, sparks fly. Deanna can’t help but fantasize about Harry and
inspired by a romance convention visiting her hotel, writes her fantasies in a
private blog that Harry finds, hacks, and reads. Ooh la la!
Excerpt:
Wow!
Deanna reread her fantasy, barely able to believe she’d penned it,
wondering if she should delete it. Did she really want to make out with Harry,
a perfect stranger, on a public beach? Did she really want her words on the
Internet, even in a supposedly private blog under a make-believe name?
Well, it was confidential, right? As long as she didn’t give anybody the
web address or password or tell them about it, it would remain secret.
Enough fantasizing! She had to get back to work. Dragging the files out,
she familiarized herself with the ghost sightings as well as Lynette’s and
Grant’s history. By the time she finished, she knew how they’d died and the
theories about their suicides-slash-murders. She also knew that everybody was
afraid to point fingers at the now very influential and powerful Roxanne
Cambridge-Anderson. Could Roxanne be behind the haunting [FB1] nonsense? Did she
want the hotel shut down? But that made no sense. The rumors portrayed Roxanne
as a murderess. It wouldn’t be in her best interest to keep their legend alive.
Deanna’s temples began to ache the harder she thought about everything,
so she decided to go to sleep. Hopefully she’d awake if any hijinks took place
in the bowling alley.
About three a.m., deafening booms awoke her. Light brightened lane
fourteen and all but one pin lay scattered on the wooden floor.
Groggy, Deanna tried to gather her senses. She looked around then, to
her horror, she saw an iridescent figure of a man on lane fourteen picking up a
glowing ball. Collecting her presence of mind, she grabbed her webcam, pointed
it at the ghostly shape and turned it on. Shaking, she tried to hold her
computer steady. Not believing what she was seeing, she knew there had to be a
rational explanation. Perhaps some machine was projecting the image onto the
lanes. Perhaps a real person stood in front of her in glowing phosphorescent
powder.
Whatever or whoever it was, picked up the ball, and knocked down the
spare pin. Then the ‘apparition’ bowled three strikes in a row.
Unexpectedly, he turned and glared at her, fire shooting from his eyes.
Pins flew from all the lanes at her. Her heart racing, she ducked under the
score table.
Buy links:
https://www.totallybound.com/spooky-sojourn
Author
Bio:
Ashley Ladd lives in South Florida with her husband, five
children, and beloved pets. She loves the water, cats, and playing on the
computer.
She's often incorporates humor and adventure into her
books. She also adores very spicy romance, which she weaves into her stories.
How you can contact Ashley:
http://www.ashleyladd.blogspot.com
https://www.facebook.com/ashleyladdauthor
http://www.twitter.com/ashleyladd
https://www.goodreads.com/AshleyLadd
http://www.shelfari.com/search/books?Keywords=Ashley%20Ladd
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=ashley%20ladd&sprefix=ashle%2Caps&rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Aashley%20ladd
Posted by
Elaine Hopper
at
1:00 AM
1 Comments
Labels:
Blog Hop,
excerpt
Saturday, November 01, 2014
Spooktacular Blog Hop Day 2 - Spooky Sojourn
The Spooktacular Blog Hop Continues through tomorrow and I have a fresh excerpt for your reading pleasure as I will tomorrow. You also have another chance to enter my contest so be sure to enter. As always, please visit my fellow authors and read their awesome excerpts.
Title: Spooky
Sojourn
Publisher:
Totally Bound
Genre:
Contemporary Erotic male-female contemporary paranormal romance
Book Length:
50,000 words
Blurb:
Someone’s trying to kill Deanna, but is it the ghosts she doesn’t
believe in, the rich socialite who might be a murderess, or someone else with a
beef against The Gilroy Hotel and Resort that Deanna has just been hired to
manage?  The Gilroy’s owners want the
ghosts, or whoever is causing the trouble at the hotel eliminated, and they are
pressuring Deanna to do the job as quickly as possible. Harry DeVeaux,
paranormal investigator comes highly recommended to do the job and against
Deanna’s better judgment, she hires him.
Although Deanna thinks Harry’s crazy for believing in ghosts and Harry
thinks Deanna has a closed mind to the possibilities of ghosts and they highly
annoy each other, sparks fly. Deanna can’t help but fantasize about Harry and
inspired by a romance convention visiting her hotel, writes her fantasies in a
private blog that Harry finds, hacks, and reads. Ooh la la!
Excerpt:
Breathlessly, Tabitha said[FB1] , “There’s freaky
activity in the bowling alley again. Pins started falling in front of the
guests. Worse, they flew out and started flying straight at them, like they
were going to attack them.”
Damn. Like they’d done with me. “Is anybody hurt? The pins didn’t strike
anyone, did they?”
“I don’t think so but the guests are hysterical. They ran out of the
bowling alley screaming bloody murder. Other guests rushed in to see what the
commotion was about and witnessed it too. Our workers George and Joel refuse to
go [FB2] anywhere near the
lanes. They’re threatening to quit. Several guests are checking out and
demanding their money back for their stay. Should I comp them a night’s stay,
or what?”
Hating to comp rooms, she didn’t see any way around it. If inanimate
objects started chasing her, threatening to bash in her skull, scaring the
living daylights out of her, she’d demand her money back too. “Comp them a
night’s stay and apologize profusely.”
“Yes, boss. Will do.” Tabitha sounded less than sure despite her words.
“Tell the lane
[FB3] attendants I’ll be
right there and for them not to leave.” Groaning, Deanna tugged the bow on her
kitty cat pajama bottoms loose, preparing to kick them off. She signed off, undressed,
jumped into her uniform and tied her hair up in a high pony tail. Almost ready
to go, she slipped on her shoes before calling Harry.
“I need you.” She’d meant to say, ‘I need your help’, but the Freudian
slip had gotten the better of her. “Can you join me at the bowling alley right
away? Pins are flying around, following people again. At least they were until
they scared everybody out.”
“I’m on my way.” Glee and excitement tinged Harry’s voice.
Those weren’t exactly the emotions overcoming her at the moment.
Apprehension, worry and even some anger that somebody would dare endanger her
guests and her staff, strafed her. “Did you set up your surveillance cams like
you were planning?”
“Of course. We should have some good footage to view. I almost forgot to
tell you that we captured some video of knives flying about the kitchen last
night too.”
Annoyed, pushing her hair errant behind her ear, she asked, “When were
you planning to tell me?”
Buy links:
https://www.totallybound.com/spooky-sojourn
Author
Bio:
Ashley Ladd lives in South Florida with her husband, five
children, and beloved pets. She loves the water, animals (especially cats), and
playing on the computer.
She's been told she has a wicked sense of humor and often
incorporates humor and adventure into her books. She also adores very spicy
romance, which she weaves into her stories.
How you can contact Ashley:
http://www.ashleyladd.blogspot.com
https://www.facebook.com/ashleyladdauthor
http://www.twitter.com/ashleyladd
https://www.goodreads.com/AshleyLadd
http://www.shelfari.com/search/books?Keywords=Ashley%20Ladd
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=ashley%20ladd&sprefix=ashle%2Caps&rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Aashley%20ladd
Posted by
Elaine Hopper
at
1:00 AM
0
Comments
Labels:
Blog Hop,
excerpt
Friday, October 31, 2014
Spooktacular Blog Hop - Spooky Sojourn
Happy Halloween!
Do I have a treat for you! My m/f erotic paranormal Spooky Sojourn plus an entire blog hop full of great books for your reading enjoyment. Be sure to check out all the blog tour stops.
Title: Spooky
Sojourn
Series Name
(If applicable) N/A
Publisher:
Totally Bound
Genre:
Contemporary Erotic male-female contemporary paranormal romance
Book Length:
50,000 words
Blurb:
Someone’s trying to kill Deanna, but is it the ghosts she doesn’t
believe in, the rich socialite who might be a murderess, or someone else with a
beef against The Gilroy Hotel and Resort that Deanna has just been hired to
manage?  The Gilroy’s owners want the
ghosts, or whoever is causing the trouble at the hotel eliminated, and they are
pressuring Deanna to do the job as quickly as possible. Harry DeVeaux,
paranormal investigator comes highly recommended to do the job and against
Deanna’s better judgment, she hires him.
Although Deanna thinks Harry’s crazy for believing in ghosts and Harry
thinks Deanna has a closed mind to the possibilities of ghosts and they highly
annoy each other, sparks fly. Deanna can’t help but fantasize about Harry and
inspired by a romance convention visiting her hotel, writes her fantasies in a
private blog that Harry finds, hacks, and reads. Ooh la la!
Excerpt:
Drawing in a long, shuddering breath,
he look heavenwards and crossed his fingers behind his back hoping she wouldn’t
throw something at him, hoping she’d be okay with his admission. “I found your
blog and read it.”
Paling, the blood fled from her flesh
and her eyes looked like sooty coals against her face. Her gaze clashed with
his and held. “How did you find it? I used a pseudonym and I put it on privacy
settings.”
He screwed up his lips, and scrubbed
his hand over his face, preparing to tell more painful truths. “I’m a bit of a
hacker and I like to research the people I’m working with.” Not sure she’d be
receptive to his theory, he left out the part that he thought the ghosts led
him to her sight. He thought they were closet romantics. He wouldn’t be
surprised if they’d locked them into the room now to force them into some alone
time together.
When a tsunami of emotions flitted
across her face he tried to read them. Fury. Embarrassment. Lust?
“You investigated me? You read my
private musings?”
“You wrote about me? In some very
intimate ways. At least I presume it was me since you used my name.” He fixed
her with a piercing gaze. “Did you?”
A pregnant pause rent the air as she
veiled her eyes from his view. Finally, she smoothed her skirt against her legs
and admitted, “Yes. I have very mixed feelings about you. You make me crazy the
way we argue, the way you believe in ghosts, and yet I find myself thinking
about you, fantasizing about you.”
Taking heart in the last part even if
he wasn’t sure he liked the first, he said with a lopsided grin, “You fantasize
about me much?”
As if she suddenly got bold, she
sidled up to him with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes and ran the tip of her
finger down his chest. “Aren’t my blogs proof? The question is, do you
fantasize about me?”
Buy links:
https://www.totallybound.com/spooky-sojourn
Author
Bio:
Ashley Ladd lives in South Florida with her husband, five
children, and beloved pets. She loves the water, animals (especially cats), and
playing on the computer.
She's been told she has a wicked sense of humor and often
incorporates humor and adventure into her books. She also adores very spicy
romance, which she weaves into her stories.
How you can contact Ashley:
http://www.ashleyladd.blogspot.com
https://www.facebook.com/ashleyladdauthor
http://www.twitter.com/ashleyladd
https://www.goodreads.com/AshleyLadd
http://www.shelfari.com/search/books?Keywords=Ashley%20Ladd
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=ashley%20ladd&sprefix=ashle%2Caps&rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Aashley%20ladd
Posted by
Elaine Hopper
at
1:00 AM
0
Comments
Labels:
blogfests,
excerpt
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Her Men
Available now at Totally Bound
Spooky Sojourn
A ghostly paranormal erotic romance
Business or Pleasure
Available now!
Queer Romance Month
Love is love
Fall Into Romance Blog Hop
Sept. 19-22
Spooktacular Blog Hop
Get Spooked!
30 Days of Snarktember
Snarktember
Subscribe To Ashley Ladd's blog
Posts
Atom
Posts
All Comments
Atom
All Comments
Followers
Follow me on Twitter
Tweets by @ashleyladd
Cover Reveals
Blog Tours
Contact Me
Elaine Hopper
View my complete profile
Ashley's time
Find Ashley on Coffee Time and More
The Romance Reviews
Korner Kafe X
Labels
About Me
(1)
Ashleys Books
(34)
blogging
(25)
promotion
(20)
writing
(72)
Free Short Stories by Ashley
A Hard Time
A Heap Of Trouble
A Sex God
Don't Ask Don't Tell
Sticky Wicket
Take A Chance (Thanksgiving story)
The Deluxe Treatment
The Naughty Secretary
Books written by Ashley
Books available from Totally Bound Whirlwind RelationshipCharity's AuctionCarnal LustCougars And CubsBad ConductCrazy in Love Welcome To ParadiseNaked AmbitionRecipe for DisasterFriction (Sorry Charlie)Doggy Style - Summer SeductionSimon SaysBest MatesCaught in the Middle - Charity's AuctionNight of the SensesMy Secret ValentineLast Man On EarthChristmas MiraclesNaughty BoysHeart and SoulSubmissive DreamsLiquid HeatHeatwave AnthologyBrit Party AnthologyWild FantasiesConfessions of a NymphoThe Perfect GiftWishcraftShipwreckedBon Appetit! (October 11, 2010)Abracadabra (November 22, 2010)Books available from Ellora's Cave Pirates BootyTruth, Justice & The Vampire Way American BeautyPurrfect JusticeCivil AffairsPrice of FameAnd Lady Makes ThreeChances AreHeavenly HijinksMake-Believe LoverSex KittensBlessed BeCarbon CopyBooks available from New Concepts PublishingEternal DamnationSky PiratesTripping Through The UniverseMrs. RightForbidden FruitDeadly LoveAlien Encounters
My Books
Amazon.com Widgets
Recent Posts
Are You Writing Me Into Your Book?
Author Interview: Claire Ashgrove
Author Interview: Frances Pauli
Author Interview: Jeanne St. James
Author Interview: Kenzie Michaels
Author Interview: Linda Kage
Author Interview: Marcia James
Author Interview: Skylar Kade
Author Interview: Wendi Zwaduk
Big Brother Is Watching You - This Means You BLOGGERS!
Cliche or Coincidence?
Customer Service
Dedicating Books
Dedicating Books
Do You Really Want To Post That Comment/Picture Online?
Does Author Behavior Matter?
Don't Bomb Your Audience With Turkeys
Don't Give Up Too Early
Editing
Erotic Asphyxia
Ewe - Romance
Friday Fill-ins Oct. 2 (& e-Readers)
Ghost Hunting at a Haunted Hotel
How Long Does It Take From Contract to Publication
http://ashleyladd.blogspot.com/2010/03/what-do-you-want-in-romance-hero-in.html target='_new'>What Do You Want in a Romance Hero & What Do You Want in a Real Life Husband?
I'm Part of a Tribe
Must Write Must Write Must Write!!!
Nanowrimo Thoughts
Nudists on Strike (Writers' Block)
People Don't Fall Out of Trees - Without Reason
Pet Names For Private Areas
Procrastination
Procrastination
Recipe for Disaster
Rejection: Where Do You Go Next?
Release Days: How To Prepare
Romance Without Romance
Sayonara Baby
Sure-Fire Money-Making Deals???
Take A Break From Writing To Write Better Stories
Twitter Works
Unlikeable Characters
Watch Out For Pretentious Words
Weathering A Bad Review
Welcome to the Spookiest Month of the Year
What Prompts Me To "Follow" A Blog
What Prompts Me To "Follow" A Blog
What To Do With Book Pirates
When Do You Write?
Why Is Everybody Passing Me When I'm Speeding?
Why To Consider Library Booksignings
Why Write Free Short Stories
Why Writers Should Be Like Zombies
Subscribe in a reader
Friends & Favorite Places
ABC Wednesdays blog
Alexis Fleming (author)
Amarinda Jones (author)
Amber Skyze
Anika Hamilton blog (author)
Anny Cook (author)
Authors Studio
Authorzone
Barbara Huffert (author)
Becke Martin (author)
Beyond Her Book
Billie Williams (author)
Blogging Women
Blood Red Pencil blog
Book Word Counter
Bronwyn Green (author)
Brynn Paulin (author)
CJ Parker (author)
Camera Critters
Captain Corky's blog
Charlotte Hughes (blog)
Charlotte Hughes author site
Chasing Sheep/Black Boxes Game
Chris Grover (author)
Cindy Spencer Pape (author)
Crave More Romance
Crazy Cath
Critical Layouts - Gifs
Critique My Blog
Daily Blog Tips
Dakota Rebel (author)
Deadly Vixens
Dedicated to our Defenders
Desiree Holt (author)
Donna Grant
Dragonflys Musings
Elizabeth Delisi (author)
Ellen Ashe (author blog)
Ellora's Cave
Evil Editor
Exquisite Dreams - DJ Kirby
Food For The Poor
Friday Fill Ins
Genene Valleau (author)
Hitting The Hot-Spot Blog - Total-e-Bound
Holly Jacobs (author)
Island Life
J. K. Coi blog
J.K. Coi blog
Jade Jurgensen (author)
Jeannie Ruesch & Friends blog
Jennifers Random Musings (author)
Jody Hedlund (author)
Jude Mason (author blog)
Katie Reus blog (author)
Kelly Kirch (author)
Kelly Marstad (author blog)
Kim Cox (author)
Lady In Red
Lilah Pierce (author)
Linda Kage blog
Linda's Book Thongs
Lyn Taylor, musings of a cover artist
Marcia James - romance author
Maureen McMahon (author)
Mitzi Szereto's Weblog
Molly Daniels (author)
Motivationaless Blog (very funny)
Nathan Bransford Agent blog
New Concepts Publishing
Nick Conrad
Nicole McCaffrey (author)
Oh Get A Grip blog
Paige Tyler blog (author)
Paperback Writer
Perchance to Dream
Perils of Pauline (blog)
Pink Truth
Query Shark
Rat Girl Comics
Reading Is So Much Fun
Regina Carlysle blog
Restless Ramblings
Romance Examiner
Romance with an Attitude
Sandra Cox (author blog)
Sapphire Pendants: Choose from the exquisite Angara collection of fine sapphire pendants including pink sapphire, blue sapphire, sapphire with diamond accents in elegant designs and styles
Sedonia Guillone blog (author)
Shelley Munro (author)
Sher Hames-Torres (author)
Shirley Martin (author)
Smart Bitches Trashy Books
Southern Fried Chicas
Steve Pavlina - Personal Development
Stormy Glenn
Stuck in the Bubble of Blah
Susan Macatee (author)
The Blog Directory
The Red Head Riter
The Two Bits blog
Three Wicked Writers blog
Thursday Thirteeners
Tiffany Dow - Blog Marketing
Total-e-Bound
Try To Keep Up
Weekend BlogHoppers
Wendi Zwaduk, romance author
Cluster Map: Who"s Visiting
Where from
Feedjit Live Blog Stats
Hit Counter
View My Stats
NeoCounter
Check Page Rank of any web site pages instantly:
This free page rank checking tool is powered by Page Rank Checker service
Website Content and Copy: Ashley Ladd, 2008.|Blog Design by JudithShakes Designs. Graphics hosted by Flickr.