https://www.asiangirlshotties.blogspot.com
Education High Class
Education High Class
Saturday, November 10, 2012
Change Your Career and Reduce Your Reliance
The rise of technology in the past ten years has fueled the growth of
certain industries and the fall of others. This, coupled with the
recent recession, has led to thousands of jobs being lost, putting many
people in financial hardship and forcing them to visit their local
payday loan lender for a cash advance. Fortunately, many of the jobs
that were lost are being replaced with new ones, albeit in other fields.
This
has caused many people to consider changing careers. Those industries
that were going strong just a few years ago, such as construction, real
estate and education, are now struggling and such workers are being
forced to consider new options in order to make ends meet. Although this
can be a stressful time for many who find themselves in these
situations, a little bit of research can help ease the process.
One
of the hottest career fields at the moment is the health field, due to
an aging population and an increasingly unhealthy lifestyle. Leading the
list for the top ten careers in 2012 are registered nurses. According
to U.S. News, more than half a million nursing jobs will be needed
before 2020, ensuring that the demand for nurses will remain strong for
years to come. Other health jobs that are also in demand include
pharmacists, medical assistants, and therapists. The exact job title
will determine whether you study for only a year, or return to school to
complete a four year degree. Licensed vocational nurses can be ready to
enter the work force in as little as a year, whereas a registered nurse
will have to complete at least a two year degree, and physical
therapists will have to get a post bachelorette degree in order to
practice.
Not surprisingly, another field that is in high demand
today is computer sciences. Unlike jobs in the health field, those
looking to break into this industry generally do not need a college
degree. However, if you do not have a degree you will need to prove your
abilities in other ways, such as creating a personal website, so that
employers can see your computer skills. Jobs in this field include web
developers, computer programmers, software developers, etc. Careers in
this field will continue to increase as technology does, guaranteeing a
need for computer skilled workers far into the foreseeable future.
One
job that fits into neither one of these fields but is still very much
in demand is that of an actuary. An actuary is someone who analyzes the
possible financial outcomes of business decisions and risks. Those
looking to break into this career do not need to have a degree in
Actuary Sciences specifically. In fact, there are several majors that
can give you an edge, including computer sciences, mathematics, and even
physics. However, in addition to having a degree, you will need to have
passed at least one exam and have some experience in the field. You can
choose to take two exams, which will help to give you an edge if you do
not have any or very little experience, but it is wise to take
advantage of an internship if you have that luxury.
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:18 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Sunday, November 4, 2012
Resistance to Light, Love and Life
The beliefs we adopt and call our own are the root cause of our resistance to light, love, and life.
Every
person assesses the world and their life experiences through the
filters of individual perception. Our perceptions are shaped by our
beliefs and attitudes about life, based on our personal history: our
family training, culture, education, relationships and experiences. If
we've been taught fear-based beliefs and selfish attitudes, we'll
encounter obstacles on our path towards making spiritual progress. These
obstacles are largely beliefs and attitudes having to do with what we
perceive to be true and real about ourselves and the circumstances of
our lives.
When we're struggling against the natural flow of life,
there is usually one reason for our resistance: what is being presented
to us in the moment is not in agreement with what wethink or feel should be happening based on our belief-related expectations. The more we resist, the more painful a situation becomes. Have you noticed?
In
chapter 5, "Meditation," I shared my sister's concerns about feeling
lifted out of her body whenever she meditated. Her expectation had been
to achieve peace and serenity, as this is what
meditation promises.
Being treated to a higher vibrational light bath was not in her
programming, and her fear posed resistance to the gift she was being
offered.
Trust, faith and acceptance enable us to release
our fears, judgments, and internal resistances to allow circumstances
to unfold in the flow of divine order.
I myself was plagued with
feelings of unworthiness for much of my adult life. No matter how hard I
prayed or how long I meditated, I didn't believe, in the depths of my
being, that I was worthy of having my prayers answered. This form of
resistance is sure to sabotage any effort to receive the best that life
has to offer, or even to have a simple prayer fulfilled.
Spirit
guided me to practice self-forgiveness as well as forgiveness of others.
I couldn't love myself and feel worthy of our Creator's gifts until I
was able to forgive myself for creating such unhappiness in my life. I
did a lot of work on forgiveness, with a great deal of success, but I
still felt something was missing. I felt better about myself and about
life in general, but self-love still eluded me. I was missing the key to
self-worth.
Louise Hay promotes self-love through mirror talk.
The technique is to stand in front of the mirror, meet your own eyes in
the reflection, and proclaim your love to yourself. This isn't as easy
as it sounds, because in order for it to be effective you have to
believe the words you're saying. I was a tough nut to crack, but I was
determined. I practiced and practiced mirror talk over an extended
period until I finally believed. I cried in relief. The fact that I
never let myself off the hook, never gave up - that I kept trying over
time - demonstrated to me that I was absolutely worthy of my own love.
Listed
below are three of the most common obstacles to making successful
spiritual connections. Fear, doubt, and unworthiness are emotions
derived from unbalanced beliefs that need to be honestly assessed and
corrected if we are to become spiritually well balanced. Once false
beliefs are addressed, they must be healed in order for us to most fully
embrace our spiritual nature.
Fear: It's so
common to experience uncertainty and fear when confronting the unknown
world of Spirit. The most prevalent fear is loss of control. In this
case, we should consider the truthful perspective that all of existence
is the expression of our Creator's Spirit. As we expand our awareness to
encompass the spiritual aspects in all of life, we become more
empowered to effect positive change in our lives; instead of losing
control, we gain control.
Most of us have been deprived
of the spiritual nature of our being and taught to focus almost entirely
on the material aspects of life. Now, as we open our minds and hearts
to expanded truths about the nature of our world, we are freed to
explore the infinite possibilities of nature, the universe, and life as a
spiritual being in what only seems to be a purely material
world. Our old beliefs and programs are shattered and restructured by
our explorations and experiences in Spirit, proving our initial fears
groundless.
Doubt: As beginners on this path, it
is common to doubt the guidance we receive. When we ask for assistance,
it may take moments, days or weeks to receive clear guidance in
response. When it comes, we aren't sure that the words of wisdom coming
into our thoughts are a message from spirit guidance or our imagination.
"This isn't real," we think. "It must be my own mind, or just a
coincidence that has brought this thought into my head." Trust that this
concern will be short-lived. With experience and consistency, you will
gain the confidence you need to act on your guidance and be certain of a
positive outcome. It is not the words in this book that will convince
you. It is your own experience of the heart, mind, and soul that will
make a believer of you.
Unworthiness: A lot of us
feel unworthy of receiving special attention from God and the angels.
This is especially true if we're carrying around guilt and regret for
being far less than a perfect human being. We may, indeed, still have
karma to clear and debts to pay. If we are feeling undeserving of
experiencing the best that life has to offer, it is a sign that
forgiveness is needed for ourselves and others.
The good news is that God and your angels and spirit guides know
you are worthy in spite of all your imperfections. Spirit knows all of
our secrets and most dastardly deeds; these truly don't matter on any
worthiness scale. The only thing holding us back from receiving the gift
of miracles is our own feelings of unworthiness.
Feelings of
unworthiness are a form of resistance; they keep all of our desires and
dreams out of arms reach and prevent us from raising our vibrations high
enough to receive the gifts of love and guidance coming to us from
Spirit.
Ask the angels for guidance and you will be directed to
find just what is needed to begin healing your beliefs and attitudes.
Every child of God, even the non-believer, is gifted with devoted angels
and spirit guides waiting in the wings for your call for help!
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:17 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Sunday, October 28, 2012
Three Important Questions
What are the advantages in buying property in and around Lake
Michigan? What sets Lake Michigan real estate deals apart from similar
transactions in other parts of the country? Why should you prefer moving
to this area to other destinations in the country? It is advisable to
find answers to these questions before finalizing your real estate
transaction.
Three basic questions will help you determine whether you decision to buy Lake Michigan real estate is a good one or a bad one.
What Is So Special About Lake Michigan?
Imagine
waking up in the morning to fresh air, a pleasant lake breeze, and the
view of the sunrays glimmering on the huge expanse of Lake Michigan.
Imagine doing this every day for the rest of your life. Can you think of
any other location in the country that offers affordable real estate
deals with such fantastic benefits?
Just because you are living on
the lakeshore does not mean you will have to compromise with your
lifestyle. Urban centers in and around this lake are at par with the
biggest and most developed urban centers in the country. Lake Michigan
offers easy access to basic infrastructure, job opportunities, amenities
needed for a happy life and good educational facilities for children.
Of course, the sun, the sand and the view shall become a part of your
daily routine for the rest of your life.
Can I Afford It?
What
is the point of a comfortable and pleasant lifestyle if it is beyond
your reach? Seeking a good life at the cost of financial stability does
not make sense. The average sale price of homes in Holland near Lake
Michigan is around $86,000 and the average mortgage debt for those
living in this region works out to $110,000. Can you afford this? If
yes, then you can confidently proceed ahead with your search for
property in this region.
Of course, the house you like may cost
more or may even cost less. However, the figures mentioned above should
give you a general idea of what you may have to spend to convert your
dream into reality.
What About Future Prospects For My Investment?
Every
property purchase is a major financial decision. You may not wish to
sell your house ever again but circumstances may arise where you may be
forced to do so. In such a scenario, you cannot afford to ignore the
future prospects of the real estate market in this region.
The
average sale price in and around Lake Michigan is beginning to increase
after consistently falling for the past five years. This is good news
because you will be entering the market at the beginning of the upswing.
Time your purchase right and you can enjoy fantastic returns on your
investment.
There are many other factors that you should consider
when buying property near Lake Michigan. Hence, do not hesitate to
contact real estate professionals for expert advice covering all aspects
and facets of your transaction. The Internet will be a good place to
begin your search for such a professional.
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:16 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Sunday, October 21, 2012
Where Is the $26 Billion
You may recall some news back in February regarding a $26 billion
settlement that was supposed to provide relief to nearly two million
American homeowners.
Despite
the warnings, outrage, and in some cases pleading, some of the biggest
voices in the consumer advocacy community touted the settlement as a
victory for homeowners and their rights.
At the time, AFL-CIO
President Richard Trumka said, "The banks broke the law by railroading
homeowners through the foreclosure process. Today's settlement provides
compensation for foreclosure victims without requiring individuals to
waive their legal claims. While banks must be made to pay more to help
homeowners, the settlement includes needed principal write-downs so
homeowners can stay in their homes."
Alys Cohen of the National
Consumer Law Center said it would move the ball forward and that it was a
game changer. Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, who headed up the whole
process, said "This agreement is the only way we're going to get to
substantial principal reduction."
NAACP President and CEO Benjamin
Todd Jealous was quoted as saying "this monumental settlement is a
strong step towards assisting the millions of current and former
homeowners that were exploited, discriminated against and taken
advantage of by major mortgage servicing banks. The principal
reductions, refinancing and other relief will provide desperately needed
relief."
These are some pretty big names congratulating
themselves on a job well done. Unfortunately, the actual results of the
settlement have not lived up to the hype.
The Social Science
Research Network released a study last month that was a collaborative
effort of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the government's Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Ohio State University,
Columbia Business School, and the University of Chicago measure the
impact of HAMP, Obama's Home Affordable Modification Program.
According
to the report, nearly 800,000 homeowners could have avoided foreclosure
had the banks done a better job of modifying the loans. Unfortunately,
the HAMP program included a principal forbearance element that was
rejected by the banks. So, was it that HAMP was ineffective at resolving
the mortgage crisis, or that the banks refused to let the program
succeed? With the increased incentives for principal reductions and the
National Mortgage Settlement, it seems clear that the latter was the
culprit for the program's shortcomings.
So what about the $26
billion? In some cases, the banks are dragging their heels. The Office
of Mortgage Settlement Oversight released its first report on August 29,
2012. According to the report, Bank of America, the bank responsible
for the biggest portion of the agreement, had yet to modify a single
mortgage.
The other four banks covered by the settlement, JPMorgan
Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co., Citigroup Inc. and Ally
Financial Inc., reported that they had completed 7,093 modifications of
first-lien mortgages worth a total of $749 million. JPMorgan Chase
completed the most such modifications with $367 million.
The
figures are similar across the nation. At least 60 percent of the money
is supposed to go to homeowner relief. But the bulk of the funds are
going for short sales and deed-in-lieu workouts, which basically defeats
the purpose of the funds, which was to keep homeowners in their homes.
Worse yet, the settlement money that was to be used to provide relief
for homeowners is in some case being used by some state officials to
fill budget holes, coffers, and tax shortfalls.
New Jersey
Governor Chris Christie, the latest to jump on the "we have free money
and screw homeowners" band wagon, wanted to divert $75 million earmarked
for New Jersey homeowners to offset tax breaks for the state's
wealthiest residents, according to NJ.com.
In Texas, $125 million
went straight to the general fund. Missouri will use its $40 million to
soften cuts to higher education. Indiana is spending more than half its
allotment to pay energy bills for low-income families, while Virginia
will use most of its $67 million to help with revenue. Georgia plans use
its $99 million to lure companies to the state.
So, as it turns
out, the settlement money will not reach the intended recipients and we
have yet another case of our both big banks and government working in
concert to put on appearances that they are trying to help America's
homeowners, while the funds are spent for purposes for which they were
not intended.
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:20 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Sunday, October 14, 2012
Hot And Heavy Marketing
If you're serious about promoting your business and its products,
you should definitely implement social marketing. Yet, to do it right,
you have to have the right education about the topic. The tips that
follow will help you start your journey towards being a social media
marketing guru! When posting from your social media accounts, you should
strive to come across as humble and approachable. Your company might be
big, but if you have a big ego, your social media campaign will be a
big failure. Your power is limited to your clientele and subscribers
still paying attention to you. Without your customers, your brand is
nothing more than a name. It's important to respond to customer
comments, complaints and reviews on social media sites as soon as
possible. Keep your responses brief, professional and helpful, but
respond as soon as you can so you'll get a good reputation. A quick
response can have a significant impact on the success or failure of any
social media marketing promotion. Your rapid response is especially
valuable when dealing with unflattering comments or reviews. If you
leave these posts alone, you could potentially harm your reputation.
However, a fast and proper response can actually make you look good,
because it shows you care.
TIP!
Before you launch your campaign, experiment with different techniques
you may want to use. Testing should continue this way after launch, as
well.
Social media marketing is a huge craze, but like any other
craze, just blindly following the fad won't get you anywhere. You should
understand how social media marketing can help you and how you can deal
with problems that come along with it. If you plan out your strategy
and take advantage of the opportunity, it can only increase your chances
for success. If formatting isn't a strong point for you, consider using
a list style for your social media posts. By using a list format, you
will be able to present your points quickly and concisely in order of
importance. Because a large portion of social networking users are in
younger age groups, concise and relevant information may be your best
bet. Use social media marketing to provide information about your
business. Posting pictures of fundraising events are a great way to
increase this visibility. Take photos at your workplace and share good
news about your employees. Use anything that conveys a good image of
your company.
TIP! Make sure that you enable any following
features on your social network of choice. Many individuals these days
incorporate social media into their lifestyle, so allowing them easy
access to your Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn profile is a surefire
method of letting them have your content delivered to them when you
post.
Converse with your customers. Receiving feedback from your
customer is great, but it's up to you to respond back to them to open
the door to discussion. Take your responses to the next level by opening
a dialogue with your customers. Be open and willing to listen, and this
will help make your company more successful. Various surveys have
proven that social media is used most heavily on weekdays and during
standard office hours for employees. These tools automatically update
any social media sites you have so that they post within the time-frames
where viewership is the highest and you can create them whenever you're
free. If you are a blogger, use the "retweet" button for every blog
post. By placing this button on top of each post, it becomes simple for
your readers to easily share this blog through Twitter. This technique
greatly expands the potential reach of your marketing messages.
TIP!
Use a sweepstakes or other prize drawing to help build a following for
your pages. To do this, you would want to require that a user has to
enter their email or like your content, etc, in order to enter into the
contest.
Think about what kind of relationship you want with your
customers. For building up sales, keep bells and whistles to a minimum,
and use social media for advertisements. If you wish to have a
conversation with your customers to get on their level, try starting by
saying hello. The customers will respond and you can go from there. Put
up new tweets as often as you can so that your subscribers don't forget
about you. Twitter is about volume: you will still need to post quality
content but you also need to post it often. A good trick is to always
keep it short and sweet. This way, you can split one main topic into a
few different tweets. You can keep a discount code hidden until the end
of a video by using YouTube's annotation feature. Since you can choose
when the annotation shows up, folks have to watch your video all the way
through to find the code.
TIP! With Facebook, it is very easy to
gain followers of your content and give them the opportunity to share
it. Because of the new Timeline feature and other cool Facebook
features, a user's actions are shared on their page where their friends
will see it.
As was discussed earlier, marketing with social media
can benefit your company in a number of different ways. Use the tips
you find most useful, every person's approach to social marketing is
different.
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:15 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Sunday, September 30, 2012
How to Use Article Marketing to Get "Above the Fray" In Your Niche
In this article, I am going to give you my own formula for using
article marketing to generate traction and push you "above the fray" in
your own niche. I will also dig into the concept of dominating a keyword
concept in your niche.
Now
before I dig into all of this, I want to be clear that my definition of
article marketing is probably not exactly the same as what many people
think of as article marketing.
I think most people think of
article marketing as writing articles and putting those articles on
article directories. But that is really only a small percentage (<
5%) of it.
Article marketing is writing articles and using those
articles online in many formats and places to create exposure. Not to
"get links". Not to "get Google to give you a ranking you don't
deserve". Not to spam the search engines. Nope. None of that.
Articles
should be written because they deliver value and educate a prospect so
that prospect will choose to get to know you better.
So how do
articles help you get "above the fray" online? Let's imagine you write
10 killer articles about your main topic. You put one on your site. You
put one on this site. You put one somewhere else. You write one for a
top blog in your niche. You get featured on a top news site in your
niche. You record some YouTube videos about your topic. You go to forums
and chat about your topic.
After awhile, if someone is looking
for your topic, they will find... you. If they go to niche sites for
info about your topic, they find you.
Dominate the market for your topic!
Be
the ONE person people find when looking for your topic. Now, this means
you need to get out of being a generalist. Do you really think you will
make money online if you are 1 of 1 billion people teaching on the same
thing. Nope. But if you niche down and really target one very specific
part of the market, you will be amazed at what happens.
That's what I did to get my start online.
There
were a lot of people doing article marketing when I started. And a few
teaching how to article market, especially for inbound links. I came
into the market and niched down. Taught folks "how to make money with
article marketing" and became the ONE person people could learn that
from. Hardly anyone teaches it. Hardly anyone wants to learn. But for
the few people that want to learn -- I am the one they come to. Why?
Because I dominated the market.
THAT'S what I believe YOU have to do. Dominate your market.
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:15 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Sunday, September 16, 2012
Tips for Business Email Marketing
Our Tips For Business Email Marketing Are:
1. Personalize your emails and segment your list into 'readers' and 'customers'.
Your
customer list is far more important than your readers list. Pay the
people on the customer list more attention, give them more free gifts,
and stay closer to them.
Always send your customers information on
new products based on their past purchases. Clients who already know
that you are trustworthy have a higher likelihood of ordering from you
again.
2. Have more information than a sales pitch in every email.
Emails should carry information about your niche, the industry or your
business. Sales pitches without other news and information will turn off
your readers and they'll unsubscribe from your list.
While you may be using the emails to sell (the whole point of email marketing)your customers want education to stay interested.
3.
Use Feedback from your subscribers to discover what emails to send in
the future. You'll never find out how successful your email marketing
campaign is without finding out whether your subscribers like your
emails. Find out what people enjoy about your emails or what should be
changed. If you listen and learn from your customers, they will be loyal
to you.
Survey regularly. Each survey can ask questions on a
different topic. You need to survey your customers and those who are on
your lists which have not yet bought from you.
4. Know what your
competition is doing with their own email marketing campaigns. Use a
special email address specifically for this purpose, and sign up for
their lists, using it.
You can keep your campaign a step ahead of
theirs by knowing what their strategies and promotions look like. Offer
promotions that are of higher quality than the ones your competitors
offer.
5. Use multi-part coding when you send out email marketing messages, in order to grab a larger market share.
You must offer a text version of any HTML email you send, allowing any email reader to display what you've sent.
Why?
Because subscribers that choose to display emails in plain text only
will unsubscribe from a list that only sends emails in HTML. You'll lose
a good portion of your list if you only send HTML emails.
6. Use
short subject lines. Short subject lines -- with less than sixty
characters, have a better chance of being read than longer ones.
The subject line determines whether your email is opened or trashed without being read.
It
is therefore the most important part of your email. What is the point
of a great offer if nobody knows you are making an offer, because nobody
opens your emails?
Posted by
bambang arie
at
5:14 AM
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Blog Archive
▼
2012
(10)
▼
November
(2)
Change Your Career and Reduce Your Reliance
Resistance to Light, Love and Life
►
October
(3)
►
September
(2)
►
August
(3)
About Me
bambang arie
View my complete profile
Simple template. Powered by Blogger.