https://www.asiancrackaddiction.com
Welcome to Asian Crack Addiction
They’re from the Far East, but we’re
bringing these Asian sex machines directly into your home here at
Asian Crack addiction!
We find, befriend, and fuck the hottest
Oriental babes that have insatiable appetites, wet pussies, and tight
assholes that we fuck until we’re filling these China Dolls full of
jizz!
Come inside and see how submissive these sweet and petite
Asian babes are to your every whim!
This exotic-looking slut has been waiting for her partner to get home
all day, and as soon as he does he knows exactly what she wants and
needs from him. Within seconds his fingers are buried in her panties,
working her pussy until she cums all over his fingers, but that's only
the beginning. With his fingers wet and sticky with pussy juice he
crams them in her lips for her to clean up before going down on her and
licking that hairless cunt. Finally it's her turn to return the favor
by deep throating his cock and bending over to get fucked hard from
behind.
Roxy Jezel
[ 25:12 minutes
/ 86 hi-res pics ]
High quality videos and images of your favorite Oriental sex slaves!
Young Asian girl walks into a room and starts playing with her tight
pussy Two guys come in and pull out their cocks for her to suck. She
lets one start fucking her while she is sucking the other one off. She
then gets on top of the one who was fucking her and starts bouncing up
and down on her dick. The men then switch positions and she takes care
of both of them at the same time. She then tries to take one of the
cocks up her ass and it's a little tight. Once it's in she bounces up
and down and sucks the other one off. She then gets double penetrated
before they cum all over her pretty little face.
Evelyn Lin
[ 30:57 minutes / 92 hi-res pics ]
Alluring videos, stunning pictures, and enough content to last you for years!
Most girls don't like it when a man gets too rough when they're sucking
him off - but Asian tart Lucy Lee takes hardcore porn star Anthony
Hardwood's every brutal act in her stride. She's giving him a nice
blowjob on the couch when he grabs the back of her head and forces her
right down on his cock, but she swallows the whole shaft whole and
rolls her tongue around the underside. After he licks her pussy until
she's wet enough to fuck, Anthony starts to pump her like a madman,
even slipping his prick into her tight asshole and giving her a good
anal pounding before he shoots a huge creamy load down her throat for
her to swallow.
Lucy Lee
[ 22:26 minutes / 72 hi-res pics ]
Cum inside and see these beautiful Oriental hotties taking dick!
Yumi
is sitting on the couch with a guy and she begs him to fuck her. He
eagerly complies and then her shirt comes off so he can give a little
attention to her cute titties. After rubbing her pussy on the outside
of her panties for a bit, he goes down on her, tasting her sweet
snatch. Then she takes her turn and goes down on him, careful to
swallow every inch of him down the back of her throat. Then he fucks
Yumi nice and hard as she's screaming for more. After awhile she sits
down on his big cock in her ass and impales herself on his huge meat.
They fuck that way for awhile and then he shoots his jizz on her face.
Yumi
[ 23:40 minutes
/ 122 hi-res pics ]
One guy, two guys, three guys, four… it’s never enough for these Asian whores!
Members
Login | Instant
Access
Warning: This Site
contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for adults only!
If you are easily offended by and or if you cannot legally view this type of material
where you reside, PLEASE EXIT NOW!
Customer Support |
Adult Webmasters | Contact Us |
Porn Movies |
Report Spam | Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy
All models were over the age of 18 at time of photography.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright 2016 Asian Crack Addiction - All Rights Reserved