https://www.asianastarr.tumblr.com
Asiana Starr
Asiana Starr
www.AsianaStarr.com
New Years Eve, I wore my brand new Wolford pantyhose.  I loved them so much that I took a video of myself showing them off in the house… I’ll just leave the link to that video right here…  http://asianastarr.com/members/wolford-pantyhose-and-steve-madden-high-heels/.  I wore those pantyhose along with a sexy, laced, see-through dress and sexy pointy-toe heels all day long.  And as soon as Martin saw me, he wanted what I wanted… or shall I say I wanted what he wanted.  Immediately into the Playroom it was, where Martin binds my elbows, pushes in that huge 2 ¼" ball in my mouth, ropes my throat, my pussy, my ankles and clamps my nipples.  F0rced in a standing position until I break down.   www.AsianaStarr.com
January 13, 2016 8:25pm
— 7 notes
Streaming LIVE inside Club Asiana!  In the office today in #pantyhose and #highheels  www.AsianaStarr.com
January 13, 2016 12:24pm
— 2 notes
I wanted a little more freedom.  While I love being immobilized, there are also times when I enjoy being able struggle and flip myself about on the floor.  I kept asking for the floor, so Martin picks me up like a tiny package and puts me on the carpet.  Now I van flip myself onto my side, spread my knees to show off my tightly roped pussy, and I can get myself back onto my stomach until I get restless again.  Once I got myself in a “comfortable” position on my side - facing Martin so that he could check me out periodically while he sat at his desk, I was content and that was where I was staying.  I was quiet and obedient, and stayed for as long as I could.  www.AsianaStarr.com
January 11, 2016 7:48pm
— 50 notes
Streaming LIVE
Office Cam is LIVE inside Club Asiana!  www.AsianaStarr.com
January 11, 2016 1:17pm
When I’m wearing pantyhose, I don’t know why but I find myself wanting to get tied up even more - especially my bare feet.  I just love the way it feels.  I ask Martin to tie me up and of course, he’s more than willing.   So I gag myself with the large purple gag while still sitting at the desk and Martin does the rest.  Starting with the wrists and elbows, the crotch rope, and then he lowers me down to the coffee table and hogties me.  Arms and throat to my feet but I couldn’t hold the neck rope too long because it was too tight.  Martin alters the tie and brings my hair to my feet and makes the hogtie so perfectly tight that it silences me.  I got what I wanted and I was going to sulk in it until I got tired.  Roped hard, mouth gagged hard, and me enjoying it while Martin watches.   www.AsianaStarr.com
January 10, 2016 9:11pm
— 48 notes
Streaming LIVE
Office Cam is LIVE inside Club Asiana!  www.AsianaStarr.com
January 9, 2016 6:06pm
This is a custom video where my goal was to remain hogtied for 1-hour - bare foot, blind folded, ring gagged, crotch roped, elbows tied, with my hair to my feet - on the rotating disc THE ENTIRE TIME.  When we received the request for this custom, I was 50/50 on whether or not I could conquer a 1-hour hogtie but I was all about the challenge.  Knowing that the closest I’ve ever come to 1-hour was during my first attempt at an endurance hogtie called, “Stay”, where I lasted 57 minutes, so I was confident.“Play Date Part 1 - Welcome Back Mizuna Kitten” was our first attempt at this custom.  We decided to use our hot female friend to distract me, in hopes that it would make things easier for me.  That was a huge fail due to the heat factor.  Lasted less than 30 minutes.  We were both disappointed but not surprised that I didn’t last very long because it was intolerably hot in the Playroom so we figured we’d try again another time, indoors.       Our second attempt was, “Apprehended and Hogtied Real Estate Agent”.  Since we learned that I needed to be in controlled climate, we had to get creative so we tried to create a story line where I’d be taken against my will, hogtied, and left for display.  I lasted no more than 38 minutes this time.  The crotch rope digging in my pussy and rough, rigid edges of the wooden pallet I was laying on took a toll on me right after the half hour mark and I tapped.“16 Minutes Shy of the Goal” was our third attempt.  Same thing this time.  Half hour mark, I started to feel the edges of the wood digging into my thighs which would lead to me adjusting myself, and instead of finding a comfortable spot, I end up adding to the discomfort, resulting in a tap out.  I was even more disappointed with myself.While Martin believes it’s in my head, I disagree.  Being bound and gagged in the office, in the car, and in the Playroom is significantly different than in the bedroom because the interaction and attention I receive is never to the level that you see on camera.  A bound and gagged Asiana, in the bed, roped just as hard, but gets all the sexual attention she wants.  Roped and gagged just as hard, touched, licked, groped, choked, suffocated, flipped about, and pounded hard.  I can last well over an hour because it’s what I call, “my distractions” from the pain… VS a bound and gagged Asiana, unable to move an inch, unable to adjust, unable to see, not to be spoken to, no way to tell how long I’ve been tied, and tied on an uncomfortable surface.  I learned that it’s not easy but I am STILL determined to make this happen!
January 8, 2016 10:28pm
— 37 notes
Drunk selfies in effect. Take #37 lol
#BestFriends #Sisters4Lyfe #FamilyForever #Filipinas
January 8, 2016 2:45pm
— 1 note
❤ #BestFriends #Sisters4Lyfe #FamilyForever #Filipinas
January 8, 2016 2:41pm
— 2 notes
Breakfast and mimosas at Lo- Los Chicken and Waffles with my girls ❤ #BestFriends #Sisters4Lyfe #FamilyForever
(at Lo-lo’s Chicken And Waffles)
January 8, 2016 10:09am
SMH Already. I love the energy these haters expend just to bring me down. Go ahead and keep trying, I’ll just keep coming back
January 7, 2016 1:12pm
SMH Already. I love the energy these haters expend just to bring me down. Go ahead and keep trying, I’ll just keep coming back!
January 7, 2016 1:11pm
NEW VIDEO added to my YouTube channel!
www.YouTube.com/sexyasianastarr
January 7, 2016 11:59am
— 2 notes
NEW VIDEO added to my YouTube channel! https://www.youtube.com/user/sexyasianastarr #pantyhose #shinypantyhose #wolford #neon40 #highheels #stevemadden
January 7, 2016 11:48am
Office Cam is LIVE in #pantyhose peep-toe #highheels and a sexy one-piece!  www.AsianaStarr.com
January 7, 2016 10:23am
— 1 note
1
2
3
4
5
Next »
Search
Search
Navigation
Ask me anything
Random Post
RSS Feed
Social
Twitter
Theme by Blachine
Powered by Tumblr