https://www.asianeroticstories.tumblr.com
Asian Erotic Short Stories
Asian Erotic Short Stories
Tantalizing Asian-flavored Erotic Tales
Ask
Previous Tales
Prance
RSS
Search
22nd Sep 2014 | 7 notes
22nd Sep 2014 | 4 notes
22nd Sep 2014 | 5 notes
The Stranger
“Well, I don’t harbor much hope anymore.”
Xiang looked out of the bus window into the distance as she uttered those words. We were on the second deck of the last double-deck bus that had just departed. We happened to be the only passengers on board, but it wasn’t so odd considering it was the last bus departing from a neighborhood that was not densely populated in the first place.
I met Xiang at a restaurant earlier. I had dinner with a friend, and she was having dinner with a man a few tables away. The restaurant was rather quiet save for the jazz music in the background punctuated occasionally by the clanging of the plates as the wait staff collected the plates from the tables around us. My friend had to leave shortly after we had finished our dinner, but I wanted to stay around for a while for a drink, and so I proceeded to the bar. As I drank, I looked over at Xiang as she continued talking to her dinner date. As their conversation progressed, I noticed her expression turned gradually solemn, or should I say disappointed. At one point, her gaze wandered as well and her head turned over my way. She caught me looking towards her, and I quickly turned away, not wanting to give the impression that I was so rude as to be gawking at her.
A while late, I didn’t know how long, I felt someone getting up to sit on the bar stool to my right. I turned to look, and there she was, perched on the stool right next to me. I looked over again to where she was sitting earlier.
“Don’t bother,” she said while her eyes were scanning the bottles on a shelf behind the bar counter. “He’s left.”
“Oh,” I replied. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to intrude.”
“It’s all right,” she said with a slight shrug. “It was a total waste of my evening.”
“Why’s that so?”
“Hmm,” she paused for a moment. She then turned to look at me. “How old do you think I am?”
“Huh?”
“Don’t worry, just tell me. I won’t be offended.”
“Uh, 28?” I hazarded a guess.
“Nay,” she said with an impish smile. “Try again.”
“30?”
“36 actually.”
“What the…” I said in surprise. “You look way younger than that!”
“Thank you,” she grinned. “I am so flattered.”
“36,” she continued. “A lot of women my age would already have been married with kids old enough to stop listening to them. And here I am, all alone telling a stranger that my last date had truly become my last.”
“You mean that guy just now?”
“Yeah…” she sighed before order a glass of red wine.
“I’m Evan,” I offered. “Tell me your name and we won’t be strangers.”
“That was smooth,” she grinned again. “I’m Xiang. The Chinese word for fragrant.”
“Nice name,” I told her with a smile. “Anyway, don’t worry about it. There are lots of people out there who aren’t hitched yet, and we’re not the only ones.”
“You aren’t either huh?”
“Nope.”
“That guy I was with earlier,” she said, changing the subject. “My friend introduced me to him. We went out on a few dates, and I thought things were getting on fine between us. Tonight, he just told me that he is moving to the States for work. He will be staying there more or less permanently. And the worse part is, he didn’t even offered to take me there with him. He said this was  his farewell dinner. His treat. Fuck!”
“Oh,” I uttered. “That’s shitty of him.”
“Class act, wasn’t he? Good thing we haven’t fucked.”
I sniggered at that, and she gave me a mock slap on my arm.
The rest of the night proceeded with the both of us chatting over drinks until it was time for the restaurant to close.
Xiang tied her hair into a ponytail as we waited for the bus at a bus stop near the restaurant as neither of us drove.
“We’ll still be able to catch the last bus hor?” she asked.
“Yeah, I think there’s still one last bus.”
“This is exciting,” she giggled. “I’ve never taken a last bus before. It’s not haunted, is it?”
“We’ll find out,” I offered.
“Ay, no la!” she slapped my arm again.
As she continued tying her hair, it was the first time in the last couple of hours I had taken a proper look at her. She definitely looked Chinese, but her complexion was a light and healthy shade of ochre, suggesting that she did spend time out in the sun. She wasn’t very tall, probably just above 1.6 meters. Her short blue sleeveless dress revealed her smooth, slender legs that seemed at once muscular yet supple to touch. As I trailed my sight up her body to her breasts, it wasn’t hard to see through her thin dress that she was wearing a white strapless bra underneath.
My appreciation of her body was suddenly cut short when she turned her head my way and looked excited.
“Bus!” she said. “Quick, before we miss it!”
I quickly shot up from the bench to flag the bus down, relieved that I was not caught eyeballing her body.
We got to the upper deck on the totally empty bus (save for the driver) and too a seat at the last row. Xiang was visibly excited at us being the only passengers on the last bus of the night.
“It’s like our own bus,” she said with a giggle.
We spent the first ten minutes or so engaged in a conversation from where we had left off earlier. She couldn’t get off the topic of her not being able to find the right one despite having dated actively, and that age was not on her side anymore. The conversation came to an abrupt end when she fell silent after saying the sentence…
“Well, I don’t harbor much hope anymore.”
I did not offer any answer to that. I simply kept silent as I didn’t think she was looking for an answer. At least not then. She had probably only wanted to get it off her chest.
In that moment of silence, I found my hand feeling the smooth skin of her thigh. She looked at me but did not resist. Instead, she sat up and pulled herself closer to me, slowly. She opened her legs apart, as if to encourage me to move my hands up her thigh. I took up the offer and felt her inner thigh until my finger felt the panty that wrapped her pussy. As I stroked her pussy with my middle finger, she held my neck with her hands and pulled my head towards her. My lips felt hers, and soon my tongue felt her tongue as well.
My kiss progressed down her cheek down to her neck as I withdrew my hand from her thigh and cupped her breast. I wanted to pull her bra down to feel her nipple, but she stopped me.
“We’re on the bus,” she whispered. “If someone gets up here, I won’t have enough time to wear it back properly.”
I nodded and continued kissing her while my hands explored her body. In spite of not being able to remove her bra, I got her to lean back against the window as I cupped both her breasts with my hands and massaged them in a circular motion. I looked out the window and saw that we were on an expressway. We should be safe from intrusion for a while.
While she was in that position, I proceeded to draw her panty down. She positioned herself again so as to steady herself as she curled her legs up for the missionary position. Not wasting any time, I unzipped my pants, fished my cock out and placed it at her vagina, which was wet by now.
I rubbed the head of my penis against her vagina, and both of us enjoyed the tingling sensation that coursed through our bodies. A few seconds later, I pushed my cock in. The feeling was fantastic as my shaft glided down along her vagina walls. Once my whole penis was inside her, I drew it out slowly again before pushing it back in. My rhythm gradually increased in speed as I fucked her this way. As the journey on the expressway wouldn’t be long, I tried to fuck as fast as I could. As a result, Xiang moaned loud and hard.
In her throes of ecstasy, Xiang grabbed me and pulled me close to her.
“I never… thought,” she tried to talk as she gasped. “ My years of searching would end in me giving my first time to a stranger.”
That got me even more excited, and I fucked her even harder.
Suddenly, I felt the bus slowing down and jerking to a stop.
“Oh, shit!” I said. Somebody’s boarding.”
I withdrew my cock quickly and both of got up from our positions as we tried quickly to set our clothes proper.
“Let’s get off the bus and finish this somewhere,” Xiang suggested.
“Great idea!”
Both of us scurried down and pressed the bell to alight at the next stop. While we were  waiting to arrive at the next stop, I could only see a middle-aged man sitting at the back of the first deck. It was a good thing he didn’t go up the second and catch us in action.
We got off at a stop near a neighborhood park and quickly found ourselves a spot where we thought was hidden well enough. In order to be able to regroup quickly if someone passed by, I fucked Xiang doggy-style. A few minutes of intense fucking later, I came and shot my sperm on her butt cheeks. The exciting sex made me shoot a rather huge load. I rubbed the remaining sperm dripping from my dickhead on her vulva before I inserted her vagina again and fucked her a little while more.
After we were done, she grabbed some tissue paper from her bag and gestured for me to wipe her ass for her. As we sat to catch our breath, satisfied with our tryst, she suddenly sat up and gasped, looking at me.
“What?” I asked.
“I think we left my panty on the bus!”
18th Feb 2014 | 2,342 notes
(via sexual-feelings)
14th Jan 2014 | 1 note
1
2
3
4
5
Older
The Minimalist Theme designed by The Minimalist | Powered by Tumblr