https://www.asp-irine.com
A Southern Secret – "Even on a bad day, there's always lipstick"
Skip to content
A Southern Secret"Even on a bad day, there's always lipstick"
Menu MY STORY
SNAPSHOTS OF MY SECRETS
SNAPSHOTS
SECRETS…
SECRETS…FOR ALL THINGS BEAUTY
SECRETS…FOR YOUR CLOSET
SECRETS…TO THE HEART
SECRETS…TO A SOUTHERN LIFESTYLE
SECRETS…TO WATCH
Posts
Charmed Aroma Candles: Join or Skip the Trend?
by Melissa Novak
on October 12, 2015October 13, 2015
I feel like I’m 7 again and waiting anxiously to dig the toy out of the cereal box… I finally caved, y’all.
Recently, I bought one of those ever so trendy candles that burn down and contain a ring of various values for collection at their conclusion. I have to say, I’m really intrigued by the concept. I think that’s what finally did me in and talked my brain into buying one of these mystery burners – or maybe it was my inner child, I guess I’ll never know. In any case, I finally bought one.
First, before buying, I did a bit of research though. I wanted to make sure I wasn’t getting ripped off after all. There are multiple brands selling candles with this concept and each are selling candles at 10 oz price points for $24 or 20 oz price points for as high as $50. With me being not in love with the look of the candles or most of the scents you can imagine this was a tough decision to make – especially at that cost.
During my research I came across Charmed Aroma, however, which seemed to be the winner. WARNING: Charmed Aroma candles are on back order. I’m kind of pissed about that but I’ll get over it – after all what is a Southern Secret telling gal to do otherwise? Charmed Aroma has 14oz candles for only $24 and in my research I didn’t see one review with an ugly ring – this is the point of paying top dollar for these, right? The scents they offer include Velvet Peach, Vanilla Crepe, Emerald Lime, and Sweet Pea Valley. I ordered the Velvet Peach scent because it looked the most fresh, which is what I typically lean toward. I’m thinking of purchasing the Vanilla Crepe scent next for the fall/winter months.
I will definitely let y’all know when they finally come in. (Totally not bitter about the wait…). I’m really excited about the fact that Charmed Aroma offers a 14 oz candle for $24. This, to me, is reasonable for a candle in itself let alone a ring at the end of the burn – it will be fun to to see what ring I get and if this leads me to buying more over time.
I really hope it’s pretty. Is that asking too much from a free ring inside a candle? Nah.
Let me know via Twitter or in the comment section below if you think you will take the plunge!
xoxo
Ride Or Dies
by Melissa Novak
on October 12, 2015October 13, 2015
I totally get it. Even as a makeup artist I get “stuck” in my makeup routine.
Or I find those few makeup products that are my “ride or dies” that I feel like if someone took away, I wouldn’t be able to live. Even though I encourage others, and myself, to branch out and be adventurous in the ever-changing world of makeup I wanted to share these few items with y’all that at the moment I HAVE to have!
MAC Prolongwear concealer: This stuff is seriously bullet proof. Cue La Roux singing, “This time baby, I’ll be bulletproof”. But in all seriousness, it doesn’t budge. Which kind of scares me. Like what am I putting on my face if I cant get it off without oil? But then I see how good it looks after a day of wear and then I’m okay with that again.
Mary-Lou Manizer by The Balm: Like, I can hear angels sing when I apply this product to my cheekbones. The glow is so incredibly beautiful and natural it’s essential to fake that inborn “dewy glow” that I wish I had.
MAC Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm Compact in the shade “Dark Plus”: Some mornings Most mornings my makeup routine can be only described as rushed. This product is the quickest way for me to contour and bronze “at the same damn time”. I take a Real Techniques 301 Contour Brush to apply this under my cheekbones, temples, down the sides of my nose, and on my jaw line. It blends out like a dream and doesn’t cake up. Hello perfection.
Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Wiz in “Soft Brown”: I am a brow person! But I am a natural brow person. I can’t tell you how many times I see girls try this “brow trend” and fail miserably. If it looks like you may have used an eyeliner pencil, I’m going to go ahead and let you know that you’re doing it wrong. Try a more natural look and invest in a good brow pencil! Preferably something very thin. Such as the Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Wiz. Or if you’re on a budget, as I typically am, opt for the NYX Cosmetics Micro Brow Pencil. Perfect dupe!
NYX Butter Gloss in Tiramisu: The first step to addiction is admitting you have a problem, right? Well my problem is that I love this gloss too much. It’s the perfect pinky nude to compliment any makeup look! It’s seriously the color of my natural lips but better. Because who doesn’t want that? And the best part, its only $6. I die.
There you have it! An inside look at those few products that I just can’t put down!
Don’t get me wrong, I’m still trying new products to see if any can surpass these love affairs but all have fallen short. Don’t worry; y’all will be the first to know if I find anything better!
What are your ride or dies? I’m curious to know! Let me know! Y’all know the drill.
xoxo
5 Ways To Completely Spoil Your Man
by Melissa Novak
on October 12, 2015October 13, 2015
We get stuck in ruts and we forget about the little things. I know because it happens to me every once in a while. But we need to remember that God gave us this amazing gift of loving boyfriends/husbands. We need to cherish, respect, and spoil this gift just like we expect them to do with us.
So slip these small changes into your day and watch him feel instantly loved.
***Disclaimer: Alright ladies, take this with a grain of salt. I am NOT saying smother your man. Our men definitely don’t want that. But these are small little things that you can sneak into your everyday routine to perk him up a little!
Ask him about his day. Sometimes this simple task can completely change the direction of the evening. He can have had a completely God awful day but just having someone care enough to ask how it was going can make it all better.
Bring home a surprise. How many times do we complain that our man hasn’t brought us flowers or candy ever? Well, have we ever done anything like that for them? The answer is sadly mostly “no”. It can be as simple as his favorite candy from the gas station or maybe a shirt that you saw when you were out shopping. It just lets him know that you’re constantly thinking of him.
Send him a sexy text. Something as simple as “when are you going to be home, I’m waiting on you ;)” will put the biggest smile on his face and make the rest of his day go by 10 times faster. Once again, it lets him know that you’re thinking about him.
Cook his favorite dinner every once in a while. I totally get it, living down here in the south. Likely, if you live in the same region as I do your significant other’s favorite food is probably something like chicken fried steak and we can’t be eating chicken fried steak for every meal or we would be blimps. But every so often, whip up that favorite meal of his for a special treat and I guarantee he will be very grateful!
Tickle/scratch his back. When you’re cuddled up watching TV or laying in bed run your nails softly up and down his back, shoulders, and arms. We love it when they do it to us so why wouldn’t we do it for them? (PS they will stay put if you start this. Want him to watch something or sit through a conversation? Tickle his back. He’s not going anywhere).
There you have it! 5 ways to completely spoil your man!
Have you tried any of these? Do you have any secrets to share with me? I’m dying to hear them! Let me know. You know the drill ;)
xoxo
10 Things Every Pageant Girl Is Sick of Hearing
by Melissa Novak
on October 12, 2015October 13, 2015
All my life I’ve dealt with people who would rather believe gossip they hear instead of determining the accuracy of these “truths” themselves. While I refrain from any judgement and would hope that others would rather refrain from judgement altogether I understand, and many would agree I’m sure, that there are some that feel it’s “OK” or even good sport to engage in this type of activity. I believe that these people prefer to believe stereotypes about an individual because, sadly, these people don’t know how to deal with their own feelings of intimidation and insecurity.  I wish we all could be confident and self-loving but I realize that this isn’t the way of the world and that this feeling of emptiness can often lead to behaviors that we wouldn’t normally participate in.
Along these line, often based on public misconception and lack of information, pageant girls routinely deal with negative public attention – for a whole host of reasons. This is despite an overwhelming pageant girl belief in fairness, kindness, and of course world peace. But we learn to deal with it and in the end it makes us stronger.
But it still sucks.
I was recently hanging out with people that I had thought were my close friends but have come to find out that they haven’t really liked me since we met. My initial reaction was that of shock but after short while I wound myself dying to find out “why?”.  Not only in an effort to grow as a Southern Secret keeper but also to further my understanding of other people.
Here are 10 things that I heard in an eye-opening, no reservations held conversation between myself and my former “friends” that I know every pageant girl is so damn sick of hearing.
“You intimidate me so it’s hard for me to be around you… because you’re so pretty.” Okay, cool. So, because I’m a confident woman and hold myself to a particular standard I’m intimidating and a bitch? Yeah, makes sense.
“You’re just really materialistic.” This one made me laugh. Spend one day with me and y’all will know that I am the furthest thing from materialistic. Do I have nice things? Yeah. But I’m incredibly grateful for what I have and I have worked so hard for what I do have. I’m proud of the things I’ve been able to reward my hard work with but definitely don’t flaunt them around. This statement was ironically coming from someone who will blow enough money for my college tuition on a “toy”.
“I don’t trust you. You’re fake. You’ve been trained to only say what you think people want to hear.” I can tell you right now that is a bunch of bull shit. Just because I can stand my ground on my morals and beliefs without coming across as a condescending asshole doesn’t make me fake. That makes me polite. Trust me, I honestly don’t care if what I am saying is something you want to hear. I will tell you exactly how I feel about a topic. But I will do it with class. That’s the difference between women in pageants and some of these people we come across; class.
“You’re a whore.” Yes, because I compete in the swimsuit competition I therefore am a whore. Makes total sense. I’m just going to leave y’all with this ridiculous assumption to think about.
“You aren’t very educated.” Bring up any topic with a pageant girl and we will talk your ear off about it. The women I’ve met through my years of competing in pageants are the most intelligent and inspiring young women.
“You are judgmental.” Yes, I hold myself to a very high standard but that does not mean that I look down on other people. We pageant girls have generally lived our lives uplifting others and encouraging the people around us. If I don’t agree with the way you live your life, I’ll politely remove myself from that relationship. This doesn’t mean that I’m looking down on you, this simply means that I just don’t want to live my life that way – and that’s okay.
“Y’all are all liberal democrats.” HA! That’s all I have to say about that one.
“Your love for hunting and fishing isn’t genuine. It can’t be.” Last time I checked, I was the only one who could really decide if I was enjoying something or not. Just because I spend one weekend out of the entire year competing with 100 other women at Miss Texas USA does not dictate what I can enjoy the rest of the year. Actually one of my most frequented conversations in the dressing room was about dove season.
“If you don’t like the stereotype then why don’t you do anything about it?” I can’t just snap my fingers and the stereotypes will disappear. You know what I’m doing about it? I am holding myself to a high standard. I am a confident woman. I watch the news and have intelligent conversations with people about our country. I do what I enjoy no matter what people will think. I have my own morals and beliefs that I stand strong on.
“They aren’t just stereotypes, this is how I feel about you and it’s never going to change.” So why are we even having this conversation?
Do y’all struggle with any of these? Let me know what you do to overcome your stereotypes! Tweet me or leave me a note in the comment section below!
xoxo
Multimasking: Fad Or The Secret To Perfect skin?
by Melissa Novak
on September 9, 2015September 9, 2015
I personally suffer from skin that has no clue what it wants to do. From breakouts, to dry spots, to oil, I understand the frustration of having to use 7 different masks/treatments to combat it all!
Thankfully, the answer lies in multimasking! This new technique is where instead of taking an eye, dry skin, oily, and pore cleaning mask and applying them one at a time taking up way too much time that frankly, I don’t have we apply them in their necessary areas! Keep reading for The Southern Secret to this crazy new trend called “multimasking”.  I like to break the face into these sections:
T-Zone: This is where we focus on oil and blemish control! We want this area to stay blemish and oil free with clear pores at all times! That is my southern secret to radiant skin! My favorite is Mario Badescu Flower & Tonic Mask! This is great for my sensitive skin and helps my t-zone absorb my serums after which is a plus when using my favorite products!
Under Eye: The most neglected and abused yet the most important section of the face. Fight those fine lines and wrinkles with a mask that contains anti-aging properties. Try picking up a mask like Shiseido’s ‘Benefiance WrinkleResist24’ Pure Retinol Express Smoothing Eye Mask. If puffiness is more what you’re worried about, I suggest opting for something with hydrating and strengthening ingredients such as Guerlain ‘Super Aqua-Eye’ Anti-Puffiness Soothing Eye Patch. When dealing with dark circles (my personal issue from lack of sleep) reach for caffeine boosting, light diffusing eye masks. My favorite? Fresh’s Black Tea Firming Overnight Mask.
Cheeks: The two most common concerns for our “cheeky” area are dryness and lack of volume. And let’s be honest, this 106-degree weather down south can add to that equation. To attack those pesky dry spots, I typically reach for “Glam Glow Thirstymud Hydrating Treatment”. My skin feels so much more supple and youthful after! When you’re more worried about the volume of your cheeks, look no further than the mother of all skincare brands, La Mer. You wont be disappointed if you grab “The Lifting and Firming Mask”. I swear by anything by this brand. It is pricey, but oh so worth it.
Lips: I forget about my lips all the time but seriously y’all, your kissers are so delicate and need heaps more attention than were giving them! Aside from the cute name, Sara Happ’s “The Lip Slip” will transform your pout and make you want to pucker up a little more than usual ;)
Well there you have it! This babe has decided that multimasking is the newest secret to perfect skin!
What do y’all think? Let me know via my twitter @Makeup_By_Missy or in the comments below.
Xoxo
Looking for a particular Southern Secret?
Search for:
I'LL SEND SECRETS STRAIGHT TO YOUR PHONE:
ALWAYS STAY UP TO DATE ON THE HOTTEST SOUTHERN SECRETS:
Follow A Southern Secret on WordPress.com
Have a Secret to share or want to give us an idea? Austin, TXCOMING SOON...
Blog at WordPress.com. | The Obsidian Theme.
Follow
Follow “A Southern Secret”
Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Build a website with WordPress.com