https://www.asrox.republika.pl
Aspiring Comedian
Aspiring Comedian
Coming up with random crap for your amusement!
Sunday, October 21, 2007
30 posts!!
Hooray, I have finally reached the 30 post mark! Well not really. The sad truth is, this blog is crap so I made a new one. It seems like one or two people still find their way here somehow, so go to my new and better blog HERE
posted by Gary at 2:02 PM
105 comments
Wednesday, February 14, 2007
I'm Back, and better than ever( I hope)!
Thats right. After a month long hiatus I've decided to try my hand at blogging once more. But before I do that, I would like to thank everyone who took the time to leave their comments on my blog. Such wonderful comments as
"HiHot girls Adult only.ENTER sex hotgirls xanax sex sexcam phentermine+online xanax+online phentermine sex hotbabe sexforadult sex sexygirlsfree sexygirlssexfree adult hotgirlsonline freeadult sex finder sexvideo valium meridia adultsexsearch ativan xanax drugs valium phentermine+buy viagra drug storeviagra levitra cialis Check prices of these pills:tramadol pharmacy search cialis soma ambien meridia ultram tramadol carisoprodol viagrafor fun"and "Good morning, interesting site.visit smoking stophttp://stop-smoking-aid.batcave.net/smoking-stop.htm smoking stopBye." are greatly appreciated. It means a lot to me when people take the time to read what I have to say and leave some feedback. It really makes my day. For example, here is a great comment I received in response to my post about the recruiter:
Anonymous said..."Halo, thanks author.my home page [url=http://viagra-store.info/]viara[/url].Here you can buy http://viagra-store.info#viagra online.Bye."I would just like to say, thank you anonymous. Despite the fact that your comment has nothing to do with my post, I can clearly tell that in some bizarre way I have helped you. And acknowledging that has really made me feel like I can make a difference in this world, even if just for one person.Once again, thank you everyone who has taken the time to read and comment on my blog. hello it is my site phenterminephentermine
I couldn't have said it better myself.
posted by Gary at 10:18 PM
3 comments
Monday, December 11, 2006
No updates in a long time
Whew... that was a long time not doing any updates. Well, I've decided to get back into the blogging buisiness and resume doing what I do best. The new year is coming, and I have big things planned for this blog. Big, Big huge things. Things an ordinary human brain would not even be able to comprehend without a substantial amount of alcohol intake followed by a Google image search for "Brian Peppers". So.... you've been warned. As for the rest of the time before the new year, I'll just post anything I come up with. Maybe I'll finally start on my new animated children's series, called "The Adventures of Hitler Toilet". As for now, I have an overdue paper to write. Really the only reason I decided to make this post after almost a month of nothing is to procrastinate. You know, this is the perfect opportunity to talk about all the random things I've been thinking about..crap i gotta write that paper.. such as commercials. Have you ever noticed that.. oh what the hell. I have to write this damn thing or I'm screwed. Peace.
posted by Gary at 7:24 PM
2 comments
Friday, November 10, 2006
Falling Down the Steps - How one man seriously embarrased and injured himself at the same time
It started out as an ordinary pep rally. The whores were doing their whore-y cheers, the band was playing the same "song" that they play every pep rally and probably the only one they ever practice, and some idiot was yelling stuff into a microphone about how he enjoys taking showers with his football teammates. All was quiet when something unexpected happened. Some kid got out of his seat, started down the steps and tripped. He rolled all the way down and hit his head on the banister. This is his story. Of how I am about to make fun of him.It looked like he had tripped. I thought he did it on purpose, like a joke. I'm sure thats what everyone else thought, until he never got up when he reached the bottom. If it was me, I'd be pretty embarrassed. If I was still concious that is. But it really did look like he fell on purpose. He did this roll. Like when you are running and you get into a roll to get under that gate thats coming down, and you slip under it just in time to get away from the terrorists chasing you. He never did get away from those terrorists.... Anyway, thats just my opinion on what happened.Some people had their own opinions on what happened. For example, some people thought he was trying to commit suicide. For one thing, that sounds highly illogical. I can think of a million better ways he could kill himself and be more succesful. What did people think his plan would have been anyway?"Ok, I'm gonna do it. Im gonna roll down the steps, and then my head will explode when it hits the banister. its perfect. I shall be remembered forever as the head exploding kid! And they will write a book about me. its perfect..... I should really expand my vocabulary."The good thing is that they took him away on a stretcher and he will most likely make a full recovery. Physically anyway.
posted by Gary at 8:36 PM
0 comments
Monday, November 06, 2006
Getting back to business
Wow, I haven't blogged in a long time. Its gonna be tough to get back into things again, so I just gotta ease back into it. I know, I'll create one of my classic cartoons and scan it into the computer.
Yeah, thats what i'll do. Tommorow.
posted by Gary at 7:49 PM
0 comments
Friday, October 13, 2006
Aw screw it!
I could never keep a rigid schedule like that, especially when spur of the moment stuff comes up that I just have to type up. This is a conversation I had with a recruiter. I decided to have some fun and screw around with him a little bit.Phone ringsMe: Hello?Recruiter: Hi, my name is Joe and I'm calling all high school seniors to see what their plans are after high school.Me: Ok.Recruiter: .......What do you plan to do after high school?Me: Uhhh, I wanna be president.Recruiter: oh, really?Me: Yeah.Recruiter: Heh. Well, you know, being president is a tough job. You gotta be pretty smart and know what you are doing.Me:Uh-huh. I don't quite see where you are going with this.Recruiter: Hrm...Me: But before that, I plan on going to college.Recruiter: Ok. Where are you going to go?Me: I'm thinking either USF and if not there then a community college.Recruiter: Ok, cool. What are you going to major in?Me: Ummm.. that I don't really know. I'm still.. I'm still thinking about that.Recruiter: Well, what are your interests?Me: Forks.Recruiter: .....Me: I like to make things out of forks. Sometimes I just sit there for hours bending forks and making stuff.Recruiter: So, you like building things?Me: No. I like Forks.Recruiter: Ok. Have you considered the marines? We have many programs and jobs where you can put things together. Your tuition will be covered 100%.Me: Nah, the marines aren't for me. I've heard some things that happen there. Its really not my for me.Recruiter : What have you heard?Me: Well, is it true that many marines become gay from taking all those group showers?Recruiter: No, of course not. Who told you that?Me: You say that like being gay is a bad thing. Do you have a problem with gays?Recruiter: No, I'm just saying what you heard isn't true. You can be gay if you want, I don't have a problem with it.Me: I'm not... I'm not gay.Recruiter: I didn't-Me: When they shave your head, do they.. umm... do you have to shave your naughty parts too?Recruiter: Your what? No. Thats not a requirement.Me: Ok.Recruiter:.....Me: Did you hear that?Recruiter: What..Me: I heard a noise. Like....like and old man choking a cat.Recruiter: No. I don't hear anything.Me: hmm... I guess its just me. I hear things sometimes. You know, like that kid who saw dead people? Well, I can hear them.Recruiter: I see.*After this he asks me some questions to see if I'm qualified to be a marine. Just some routine questions which I answer normally. Finally we get to the last few minutes of the conversation.Recruiter: Well, you're qualified.Me: Ok, but the marines.. its just not for me.Recruiter: Why not?Me: Well... I don't tell this to most people but... I have a tail. And... I'm very self concious about that. It's pretty gross. Its like.. like a rats tail. I try to hide it under my pants and it looks like I have an erection from behind.Recruiter: ......Me: But umm.. Hey, I'll think about it and.. you know.. if I change my mind I'll give you guys a call or however.. that works.Recruiter: I can just give you a call in a few months and see what your plans are at that time.Me: Ok sure. Bye.Recruiter: Bye.
posted by Gary at 3:14 PM
21 comments
Sunday, October 08, 2006
Taking things in a bit of a different direction....
After having this blog for a while, it seems that something just isn't right.
So, I took some time to think about it, I've realised that my blog needs more structure. So, starting
tommorow Tuesday maybe next week, this is how its going to be:Short Story Monday - Every Monday I will tell a short story. It will mostly be random nonsense, that, when read in the proper conditions will make total sense.A comic of some sort Tuesday - Every Tuesday I will use my awsome drawing skills to come up with some sort of witty and occasionally hilarious comic.Wacky Wednesday - Every Wednesday I will write about myself, or my thoughts on something.Anything goes Thursday - Thursdays will be completely random. Anything can happen.In the news Friday - Every Friday I will link to some interesting news articles and give my own views on it or something like that.As for saturday and sunday, well, even bloggers need to take breaks. Maybe someday I will think of something for those days. As for now, this is how its going to be. I'll try it out and see what happens.
posted by Gary at 1:55 PM
1 comments
About Me
Name:
Gary
Location:
Land o Lakes, Florida, United States
My name is Gary, and my purpose in life is to make people laugh, and then when they aren't looking, slap them in the face and run away
View my complete profile
Other Cool PLaces
Bestest Blog of all time
Homestarrunner
Fark
Milk and cookies
Museum of hoaxes
Aesthetic Vibrations
Gardening 1 on 1
A world of Bloggers
Greatest Blog Experiment
United States of Bloggers
Read my Blog
Magic and Tricks
Previous Posts
30 posts!!
I'm Back, and better than ever( I hope)!
No updates in a long time
Falling Down the Steps - How one man seriously emb...
Getting back to business
Aw screw it!
Taking things in a bit of a different direction......
Things that bug me
Yeah....
Long time no update....
Archives
July 2006
August 2006
September 2006
October 2006
November 2006
December 2006
February 2007
October 2007
Chicago Internet Provider