https://www.asshole-licking.blogspot.com
ASS LICKING BLOG
ASS LICKING BLOG
Friday, July 20, 2007
Pornstars love to taste the ass
In this installment of Anal Lick Fest, we have for you a special treat....two blonde teen whores who have no conception of the word 'no'. First theres Kylie, the cute and innocent, girl next door type who was eating everyones asshole as if it were her last meal on Earth. Then theres the skanky, been there, done that type who calls herself Faye Runaway. She was just as, if not more nasty, getting her itsy bitsy tiny asshole stuffed with a way too big for that hole cock. This scene is not for the faint of heart.Click here to see the ass licking gallery or Click here to see more!
posted by Doctor Feelgood at
4:45 PM
6 Comments
Stinky black ass gets cleaned with tongue
Krystal is a cutie from the midwest...Kansas to be specific. She used to work at a Dairy Queen in her hometown and her minimum wage job was not cutting it anymore. Seeing as how there was no shining opportunity to make it big in her town, she packed her bags and moved to Los Angeles to make some money as a model. After several low paying, low exposure jobs, she found a promising ad on the internet. After responding to the ad, she quickly found herself in the clutches of Khan Tusion, legs spread eagle wide and her tongue firmly placed on a ghetto black mans rectum.Click here to see the ass licking gallery or Click here to see more ass licking!
posted by Doctor Feelgood at
4:42 PM
0 Comments
Thursday, July 19, 2007
Kinky butt licking and fucking
Kinky butt licking and fuckingIn this very special installment of our ass licking blog with Anal Lick Fest, we have for you superstar porn whore who goes by the name of Aurora Snow. Honestly I have never seen a whore take to an asshole like this chick. She is just all about the asshole, cleaning it with her mouth, gaping it, sucking it, and taking a huge cock in her ass. The other chick was just as nasty cleaning up what little crumbs Aurora left behind. This scene is fucking crazy!Click here to see the gallery or Click here to see more!
posted by Doctor Feelgood at
8:16 PM
0 Comments
About Me
Name:
Doctor Feelgood
Location:
Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
View my complete profile
Previous Posts
Pornstars love to taste the ass
Stinky black ass gets cleaned with tongue
Kinky butt licking and fucking
Links
Ass Licking
Pornstar Thumb Galleries
Panty Fetish
Big Fucking Tits
Hardcore Porn Blogs
Big Ass Blogs
Anal Sex Blogs
Adult Blog Finder
Sex Blog Spy
Ass Licking Blogs
Adult Porn Blogs
Sex Blog Heaven
Porn Blog Hunter
Archives
July 2007
Subscribe toPosts [Atom]