https://www.astrion.tumblr.com
BDSM Play & Elegant Photographies
BDSM Play & Elegant Photographies
Photo
53Notes
Posted 2 months ago
Zoom
Can someone give me a link to this device’s manufacturer? It’s so awesome!(Source: lockeddick11)
via subliminalbacklash
Photo
2406Notes
Posted 3 months ago
Zoom
thekinkon:
Participate to win a free human moulded mask.
All you have to do is follow TheKinkON,
like and reblog this post¡ winner will be announced on 10/13/15 and you can participate from any country¡
via subspaze
Photo
54Notes
Posted 5 months ago
Zoom
Excatly how I imagine it :D Such a big mindfuck XD(Source: kr92169)
via starksub
Photo
1284Notes
Posted 6 months ago
Zoom
Now that’s a game I’d lo play !!tdenialman:
charliechastity:
Oh, that is deliciously devious!
That is truly brilliant.  I love dangerous choices with serious ramifications.(Source: denymecaps)
via starksub
Photo
844Notes
Posted 11 months ago
Zoom
blackbulls-whitegirls-bliss:I am so blown away with this delicious idea, it’s so nasty and twisted and awesome for so many hot reasons!  It can be implemented at anytime realistically, just choose a start date and go at it for one full year.  I think I may have just found my perfect Valentine’s Day gift this year for my darling hubby :)
XD So twisted!!!(Source: ifitisgoodforthegoose)
via blackbulls-whitegirls-bliss
Text
3Notes
Posted 1 year ago
1 month denial!
It’s been one month since we locked me up and agreed to go until my birthday, which is in a bit more than a month…. It’s also been a month since this kinky party we went to and I only wrote half of my story about it. I’m definitely a bad boy!
I’ve had my last orgasm 3 or 4 days before the party, so officially it’s been more than a month without a real orgasm for me. That’s crazy, I’ve never been that far, and I’m just halfway through!! I don’t know how I’ll handle the 2 half even. It’s crazy to think I had my last real orgasm of my 29th year! WoW….!
I have to be honest with you though, I haven’t been locked for 30 days straight…. sadly. I’m having a hard time copping with being locked up 24/7. I’m a really bad submissive for that matter. I can’t get myself around the fact that I shouldn’t be bothering my Goddess about my lockup but I just can’t :( After some time it becomes more of a burden and I need out. So in the end I’ve been locked 10 days without any release, and since then i’ve been locked once or twice and the rest was only willpower and obedience; When I mean 10 days 24/7 it was really like that. We have only one key for the cage, and it was sealed in a package that we didn’t open for 10 days straight. For the first time I had to find out how to clean the cage without taking it off at all. That was hell of a ride…. I don’t know if I’m ready for more than that though. 2 weeks without taking the cage off for teasing or sex is really tough!
Ok guys, I’ll try to be more active on here and post the 2nd half of this kinky night we went to. I’ll also let you know what happened to celebrate the 1 month mark ^^.
Don’t heistate to send me questions in my inbox, I’ll answer them :) Everything is welcomed.
Photo
121Notes
Posted 1 year ago
born-in-latex:
Latex Girl http://shiny-dress-fashion.blogspot.com/
via born-in-latex
Text
2Notes
Posted 1 year ago
Kinky party: awesome time!
The last few weeks have been awesome with my Goddess. Lots of sex, kinky play and fun. I think we were beating records! :)Friday was the peak of intensity as we went to a local fetish party. It’s been a long time we haven’t gone to one. The (first and) last one was a few years ago and it was kind of a failure. Although we had fun having me go back home in high heel knee-high PVC boots, the ambiance at the party was not what we expected.This time however, was awesome.
The anticipation and preparation almost killed me. I stress quite easily and I was overwhelm by the idea of going in a “public” place, dressed as the sub I really am, and get accepted. You’d tell me that in such parties everyone is accepted, and I’d say that you’re right, but you also need to feel accepted, and to belong there, otherwise you can’t enjoy
Preparation
So around 11pm we were home, getting ready…. Goddess wore a black skirt and a sexy body with a transparent black stripe running from her neck to her belly button, with horizontal stripes all over. She was gorgeous :) On my hand, I got equiped first with a chastity cage…. of course! Then, pink panties to cover and hold the cage, a black but shiny legging of my Goddess to emphasis my legs, a pink lace body to hold the body tight, and my pink stuffed bra. On top of all that I put a shiny wet-look style skirt that is a bit too small for me, which is nice since it acts as a hobble skirt and i love it. A purple top and a black corset would complete the outfit once at the party. We were going to wear matching high heels. Sandals that we bought together :)
We packed the heels corset, skirt, and bondage gear in a bag, I put on black woman jeans and we’re off to the party. Yes yes, with all the rest still on :) i wore a jacket to hide the purple top :)
The Party
Arrived at the party, I changed to remove the pants and put on the hobble skirt, and the heels. Changing in the tiny and dirty bathroom was awful :s. Goddess then put on my collar and locked it with a padlock. I love when she does that, when she locks things on me! Then the heels got locked too, and wrist cuffs were added. We were ready to enjoy the party.
People were dressed more or less kinky, sexy, in the theme. Overall it was pretty nice. Girls were sexy, dressed as school girls or teachers, high heels of course. I think I might have drool my whole body water!We heard music and apparently a show was going on on stage. We moved closer to see, but nothing really interesting for us. We headed to the bar, lead by my leash, and got 2 beers. We decide to go back next to the stage. On the way, I bump into some guy and since the floor was made of uneven stones, I trip and fall, spilling my beer all over myself :( Someone helps me to get up, very nicely. I felt like a lady ‘cause he took me by under my arm. I apologize to people I might have spilled beer on and we go ahead to the stage. I feel so stupid… like the center of attention. I’m already known to be the clumsy transvestite! XD
On the Stage
We drink our beers and enjoy the view. Some girls look at me, some look at my heels then look at my Goddess with a smile. I feel overall very good. People are not judging, they are accepting and loving the kink aspect.
After some time, a domme goes on stage and dances a bit. She then asks people to join her for a cropping show. A few guys get their back hit by the crop, quite hard in my opinion, but that’s pretty hot.
My Goddess tries to make me go on stage to get spanked too, but I move back and another guy is chosen. I know she wants me to go and I’ll just have to at some point. Plus, with the leash and locked heels, I can’t really run away from her.
So the next time the domme reaches out to grab someone to use her crop on, my Goddess pulls on my leash hard and gives it to her. She grabs it and pulls on it even harder. I had to do quick little steps to not fall on the stage :D. Once there, she asks me to remove my top, but with the corset and stuff I can’t really do that. So I propose she has fun with my butt, which she agrees to and asks me to go on all four. Once in position, but exposed to the crowd, she starts to slap my ass with her crop, fondling my ass cheek with her hand between series. The pain is bearable, it’s pretty nice in fact, and I play the game by sticking out my butt a bit more. She then proceeds to straddle my back, intensifying the slaps. They start to sting, and I have to move away from a few of them. It’s hard to really dodge them though, so I just have the normal reaction to pull my ass away after each stroke. I know I shouldn’t, so I try to stay still, and the slaps intensify and the pain too.
At that moment I try to look at the crowd, by looking between my legs. Unfortnately, the top is hanging down and blocks my vision. I just look at the ground then and focus on my burning butt.Once it’s over, I get down, back to my Goddess, happy to have been exposed and proud to show everyone I belong to Her. I was happy she made me the center of attention for some time. She told me there were quite a crowd to watch my shiny ass getting the treatment it deserves.The party was far from being finished, but I’ll document this in another post :)
Text
Posted 1 year ago
Already at max
Hello tumblr!
Today is a “sad” day…. Today I managed to put myself down the hole. My duration is right now at its maximum (2 weeks), down (or up?) from 5 days!
Yep! I had 5 days and a few hours to go yesterday evening, but since my sesions forces me to play at least 5 games of chance per day, there is always a chance I end up with more time, triggered by myself! How cruel XD
So this morning when the timer reset I went to play my 5 games. I wanted to try to go out even earlier than these 5 days, so I played the Wheel of Fortune. IOf you are not familiar with it, it consists of 5 slices of the same size with the values: -1 hour ; -1 day ; +1 hour ; +1 day ; +2 days. Obviously, you have more chance to end up with more time! But the first 3 times I used it, I managed to get -1 day each time, so I was feeling this can be a useful tool…
… 5 games later I was at +5 days already! I doubled my time in the blink of an eye :s And I kept playing, thinking the chance will be on my side now…. and this morning I played the last few games (I’m maxed at 15 per day) and I ended up with a total of +7 days. So as of today, I have to stay locked until August, 28th almost midnight (just the day before we leave for holiday)….
The good part is that tomorrow’s games can only decraese this duration :) but damn, I didn’t expect to serve that much time in full chastity!
So please, if you go vote, substract some time…. please!
https://www.emlalock.com/?page=friend&id=2wak9lxx8u
Photo
18Notes
Posted 1 year ago
Zoom
Good morning tumblr! Following yesterday’s post, here is a picture of my little cock trapped in its small pink prison. Day 2 … And so far I managed to reduce my remaining time by one day. But three roulette and other games might bring it back up…. :( not even considering the votes! Don’t forget to help me out :) I’m in until Thursday evening minimum.
https://www.emlalock.com/?page=friend&id=2wak9lxx8u
Text
3Notes
Posted 1 year ago
Chastity Game - Vote for my release
Hello tumblr,
It’s been a long time…. We’ve been pretty silent and didn’t have a lot of new adventures to share. Sorry for that. Yet, the archive of this blog seems interesting enough to attract a few new followers. We’re currently at 111, which is a nice number :)
So, this chastity game!
My Goddess left for the sea side a few days ago and we agreed I’d get locked on sunday evening, using the remote chastity website “emlalock”. The fun would for her to monitor my lockup (she’s still the official keyholder there) while she’s on vacation and look at the time go up and down at the whim of other people. She said she likes that this way there is less chance she indulges me stuff like “unlocking for sleep or events with friends”. I’ll have to stay locked until she comes back on wednesday evening, and, in theory, until the session ends. I think she’ll stick to that though.
We started a session yesterday evening, 27hrs ago in fact. The problem is the session was quite rigid. No voting, no “incentive” to play the games, a minimum duration of 4 days (until she comes back + 1 day) and a max of 2 weeks (we’re both on vacation after that). The time left was hidden, and I didn’t know how much was the penalty to see it. Since she didn’t login since an hour ago, she didn’t notice the current time left was like 8 days! Damn was I feeling screwed when I realised the 4 days was a minimum, not a starting value!!!
We decided to create a new session tonight. Same release picture (that I didn’t look at), same starting duration and max duration but the rest was at her discretion. What was my surprise when I saw the 7 days counter…. I though she would work from 4 days up, but nope, she decided to twist it a bit and start with 7days! So 8 days total if nothing changes. I also have voting enabled this time, and maybe risk voting but I can’t know. Finally, I have to play 5 times per day the random games…. which are usually against the wearer. The thing is, now the 2 weeks max duration brings us to the day just before we fly away to our vacation!!! That’s scary XD
Anyway…. to make it worse she liked the idea to post the friend link on tumblr…. So…. Here it is: https://www.emlalock.com/?page=friend&id=2wak9lxx8u
Please…. be nice to me! :) I’m already getting nuts XD
Photo
49Notes
Posted 1 year ago
via mandatoryfeminization
Photo
1Notes
Posted 1 year ago
Zoom
A quick pic before going to bed. I’m traveling this week and I’m away from my Goddess. She asked me to get locked yesterday before getting the night train. I should have used zipties but I forgot to take scissors, so here I am, locked with a numbered tag instead. It’s really sad to waste it though :s I should have stayed lock until Thursday but a medical appointment is planned for tomorrow morning and I’ll have to unlock. Maybe, since it’s kinesthetic I could go locked? XD
Text
Posted 1 year ago
Little update and apologies
Hello my dear followers and whoever else reads this,
I’ve been lacking updates recently, I’ve been lacking a lot of commitment towards this blog and that’s a very bad behavior!
If you follow this, you know that I was locked until I reach 100 followers. Goddess has been pretty strict about that and we enjoyed this game quite a lot. The thing is, I got the 100th follower…. 2 weeks ago! And I haven’t updated you with the info since then. Such a bad boy!
So when I saw I had converted my 100th tumblr fan to a committed follower, I was very happy, thinking of my release, and sad thinking that the game is over until next time. The happiness was stronger than the sadness but I think I could have gone longer. I thought she might play the devious game of pushing it to 105 or 110 followers but she didn’t ^^. We were so busy though that she just unlocked me and got my release only a few days after (almost a week in fact) in the form of a nice and lovely handjob.
After that I enjoyed my freedom, which I know is bad and should be banned. I like the fact that I can lower all of this sexual tension when I’m free, but I hate the result on me… whatever, I think we’re back in the mindset and I’ll get lock soon, or not, or… :D I don’t even know if I want it!
I’m traveling next week and we’ve been playing around the idea to lock me there…. I’ll let you all know :) I promise!
Text
3Notes
Posted 1 year ago
Ultimate Tease
This post is the follow up story of Balcony Humiliation.
I’m lying on my back, hands over my head, still tied up, still dressed, waiting for what’s coming next. I guess she’ll ride my boner for her pleasure, and I hope to get some too. My pantyhose pulled down, my skirt pulled up, my hard dick throbbing in her hand, she climbs on top lay on me. I’m in heaven feeling her warm pussy around my very aroused dick.
She proceeds to tease me. In this position, She controls everything, and usually She gets me pretty excited and tormented at the same time. She teases me the best when She controls all the moves. She pins my legs down, holds my hands up above my head, lie on me and starts to dipp the tip of my erect cock between Her lips. I can’t move, I really can’t fight and force it in. I can just surrender and try to enjoy the torture.
I’m moaning a lot from so much stimulation. She puts Her hand on my mouth and whispers in my hear:
- “Shut up! Shut. The. Fuck. Up!”
This is so hot! I do my best to control my whimpers and stay silent. Maybe too silent.
- “Come on, not that much silent!”
No need to ask me twice. I let a few moans pass as I enjoy my predicament: enjoying the tease and getting real close to climax knowing perfectly that it’ll leave me horny as hell and frustrated…
She then proceeds to suffocate me a bit as she’s riding and teasing. It makes me even harder… She’s getting close but wants me on doggie-style now. This position is a real mindfuck you know? Being on the “dominant” position, taking Her from behind, on all four, … damn this always gets me in a different mood, a mood where I want to fuck her hard and explode in her. She knows it and uses it at Her advantage.
Being as horny as I am, I only can deliver a few thrusts before reaching the dangerous edge. I have to stop. Thrust 3 or 4 times…. stop…. over and over again. I’m losing my mind, seriously!
Finally, She unties my hands and we proceed to me being on top, She on Her back, and I know the session will be over soon. She’ll get her orgasm and I’ll have to stop right after. But it’s my duty and I’m happy to deliver. We give in to a passionate fucking which leads to Her beautiful orgasm face… I pull out… I lay on her whimpering and gently begging to get some too… Yes, I’m a bad boy :)
Of course I don’t get anything, and I’m reminded of the deal: 100 followers and I get to cum, not before!
This was so nice I can’t wait to reenact it soon :)
More
142
Older posts
18+ Mature Content
------
I gather on this blog everything that turns me on, sometimes only fantasies, chastity captions and such. I also try to gather artistic and elegant pictures of bondage models, chastised males.
All pictures are from tumblr or the internet, I don't hold the copyrights to them. i'll remove them upon request.
Ask me anything
Archive
Subscribe
Following
hotcosplaygirl
mundanetoms
chastity4femdom
btorsten
slave-lena
jacky-c
alittledirtyminded
bondesthetiq
dommevee
denyandruin
rubberdollemmalee
submittomistress
marfisa-thor
trainingforsissies
sereneisley
femdomhotwifecuckoldinterracial
switch-konge
lashkisser
mistress-jenna-k
laotk
zoeblancsec
altobagoo
bilbull
subliminalbacklash
keephimcaged
latexpics
denymyhusband
erin-in-charge
carolus666
toxicvisionclothing
blackbulls-whitegirls-bliss
slave316
girlsinfinity
begging-frustration
mistressaliceinbondageland
chastepantyboy
2piel
merrylander
saintth
iamelectricbarbarella
shedrivesastick
putmeinherplace
rdinchastity
cbjuice
opencanvas85
moneyman4u2
curiousaboutchastity
bmoretied
sissymaidflorence
mxstrxss
thatsperverted
trigchast
herlittleboytoy
mfsdomle
femdomblueballs
tangodeltawilli
forced-sissy
thefemmeside
mistressselena
nfrgp
sissytransamm
tightwrap
cutlass18
frankie-and-v
subwannabee
starksub
my-inner-barbie
rubbergirly09
journalofahotwife
morgainetv
latexmodelboy
themrandmrsgrey
mistress-mary
curiouswife-lockedhubby
balletheelsheaven
flrcoach
her-quean
clickthelock
keyholderneeded
sissylockedup
p-nis
spandexdiscopantsshinyleggings
nevercum
thekinkon
longfellow1979ii
wetlook-leggings
his-ruined-orgasm
mushroomdick-mistressh
ownedhypnoslv
rubberdolltrainer
shinylegsass
lbmgf
teaseanddenialcaptions
yogahotwife
ukkinkycouple
yazmin-akio
die-meine-o
fuckyeahballetheels
misspersuassion
spankingamateur
mistress853
hotlapin
latexdolly
misscasskeyholder
2ndskyn
meyesexcapades
loriscuck
hellokissmyxxx
wyliedubrovna
littlemisschastity
dominiqueq
betterinpantyhose
journaldunsoumis