https://www.atec.multimania.com
A Taste Of The Good Wife
A Taste of the Good Wife
.comment-link {margin-left:.6em;}
About Me
Name:
Good Wife
Location:
United States
View my complete profile
I made this music player at MyFlashFetish.com.
Previous Posts
Happy New Year!
Merry Christmas!
There
are several men sitti...
For old time's sake
Whats this?
Quick Post
I love you guys
Stupidity Confirmed
Anything for a good cause..(click me)
Archives:
06/01/2004 - 07/01/2004
07/01/2004 - 08/01/2004
08/01/2004 - 09/01/2004
09/01/2004 - 10/01/2004
10/01/2004 - 11/01/2004
11/01/2004 - 12/01/2004
12/01/2004 - 01/01/2005
01/01/2005 - 02/01/2005
02/01/2005 - 03/01/2005
03/01/2005 - 04/01/2005
06/01/2005 - 07/01/2005
07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005
02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006
08/01/2006 - 09/01/2006
09/01/2006 - 10/01/2006
11/01/2006 - 12/01/2006
11/01/2007 - 12/01/2007
12/01/2007 - 01/01/2008
01/01/2008 - 02/01/2008
Blogging Playmates
Blogging Like I Never Blogged
Before
Get Busy Livin' or Get busy Dyin'
StuckForNow
Just One Bite
Suburban Sex
Blog
Child of Lucifer
Semper Sexualis
Mr B's Blog
Blogging Without A
Net
God Hates Puppies
Hey,you!
Big Dick's Place
My dark little corner of cyberspace
Sweltering Celt
eyerocker
Used Car Sales
The Dark Mirror
Minus 30 and Counting
Comstock Films
Community
Resources & Thanks
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License.
Design by Ciao! My bella!
Wednesday, January 02, 2008
Happy New Year!
Well, we were all attacked with germs over the holidays, which has left me without a voice for the last several days.
Always sick on my birthday, damnit! Rick surprised me this year and actually bought me some lingerie.
I don't know what it is about men and their reluctance of buying sexy things for their woman to wear.
I find it very arousing to know that the items were specifically picked out while he was imagining how they would look on me. Of course, everything he picked out was crotchless, lol, but still, it is the thought that counts. Thank you for all the birthday wishes!
I hope everyone rang in the new year with a smile on their face.
I think I might have been moaning, or pulling Rick closer to me.
I was definitely smiling on the inside though.
:)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 8:43 AM
10 comments
links to this post
Monday, December 24, 2007
Merry Christmas!
Getting ready for a herd of visitors tonight and tomorrow, but wanted to stop in and wish everyone a Merry Christmas.
I have been a very good naughty girl this year, hehe, so I think Santa will be good to me.
:)Be safe and well!xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 9:40 AM
5 comments
links to this post
Thursday, December 20, 2007
There
are several men sitting around in the locker room of a private
club after exercising. Suddenly a cell phone on one of the
benches rings. One of the men picks it up, and the following
conversation ensues:
"Hello?"
"Honey, it's me. Are you at the club?"
"Yes."
"Great! I am at the mall two blocks from where you
are. I just saw a beautiful mink coat. It's absolutely gorgeous!!
Can I buy it?"
"What's the price?"
"Only $1,500.00."
"Well, OK, go ahead and get it, if you like it that
much ... "
"Ahhh, and I also stopped by the Mercedes dealership
and saw the 2008 models. I saw one I really liked. I spoke
with the salesman, and he gave me a really good price ...
and since we need to exchange the BMW that we bought last
year ... "
"What price did he quote you?"
"Only $60,000 ... "
"OK, but for that price I want it with all the options."
"Great! But before we hang up, something else ... "
"What?"
"It might look like a lot, but I was reconciling your
bank account and I stopped by the real estate agent this
morning and saw the house we had looked at last year. It's
on sale!! Remember? The one with a pool, English Garden,
acre of park area, beach front property ... "
"How much are they asking?"
"Only $450,000 - a magnificent price ... and I see
that we have that much in the bank to cover ... "
"Well, then go ahead and buy it, but just bid $420,000.
OK?"
"OK, sweetie ... Thanks! I'll see you later!! I love
you!!!"
"Bye ... I do too ... " The
man hangs up, closes the phone's flap, and raises his hand
while holding the phone and asks to all those present: "Does
anyone know who this phone belongs to?"
posted by Good Wife @ 9:00 AM
4 comments
links to this post
Wednesday, December 19, 2007
posted by Good Wife @ 1:47 PM
7 comments
links to this post
For old time's sake
He sat at his desk, tip of his pen at his lips as he flipped through his novel, happy for a few minutes of distraction before he delved back into his work.
The day was dragging on, seemingly keeping time still.
This made it so much easier to give in to temptation, and today, temptation was at his door.At first, he didn't notice the light tapping at his office door.
When the door opened and her head peeked in with that sexy, up to no good smile, he couldn't help but notice.
He dropped his pen on the desk and quickly stood up to greet her."Hey!
What are you doing here?" he smiled as he embraced her, breathing in her perfume and then stepping back to take her all in."Its been far too long, hasn't it?"
She shut the door behind her, fingers twisting the lock. "It most definitely has," was his reply as his mind remembered those curves, those lips, the steamy exchanges.
His heart was beating faster now as he recalled their last encounter together.
The smile on her face told him that it was also very fresh on her mind.What felt like several moments of silence passed before he caught his breath and began, "So, tell me.."
He was cut off as she placed her fingers to his lips.
Their eyes locked as her mouth met his.
Tongues swirling together, exploring familiar territory.
She ran her fingers through his hair as he held her close, pressing her body up against his own.Her hands slid down his muscular back and then to the belt on her trench coat.
"Its getting awfully hot in here, baby, don't you think?" she asked as the material of her coat slid off of her shoulders, exposing bare skin and then falling to the floor in a puddle of fabric."Oh, God," he moaned as he took in the sight, nothing left on her body except for the thigh high stockings, black stiletto heels, and that devilish grin on her face.Pulling her back to him, he quickly took her breast to his mouth, licking her as he massaged the flesh, feeling her hands on his belt now.
His cock was at full attention, pulsing at her touch through the fabric of his trousers.
When she finally freed him, she crouched down and took him into her mouth, pushing back the foreskin as she plunged it deeply, wetting him and grinning as he moaned.He watched her fucking his shaft with her mouth until he could not stand one more minute of not being buried deep inside of her.
In a swift motion, he cleared off his desk and placed her on top.
Without speaking a single word, he slid his meat into her tight little hole, feeling the wetness of her arousal mixed with her kisses, still fresh on his skin.
His hands gripped tightly at her hips, watching her breasts bouncing as their skin slapped together making a deliciously wet sound.Licking his lips, he watched her hand slide down to her clit and begin to rub it,her pussy lips swollen and saturated with arousal.
She bit her bottom lip, closing her eyes and arching her back as she gave in and came, long and hard as he continued to plow her depths."Come here, baby."
He pulled her up, his cock still buried deep in her trembling pussy walls.
He kissed her deeply as he turned around and sat at the edge of the desk.
She turned her back to him, his hands gliding up her spine and then resting again at her hips as she began to grind herself in circles around his dick, first fast, then slow.
She placed her hands on his thighs for support as she felt his body tensing up."Oh yeah, mmm!"
His strong hands held her still on his pole as she felt him explode, filling up her pussy with his orgasm.
She squeezed herself around his shaft, as their bodies convulsed in ecstasy.He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her closely to him, kissing her neck and then whispering into her ear.
"I missed you."A smile crept across her face as she breathed in the smell of their sex.
"I missed you too, baby.
It feels good to be back."
posted by Good Wife @ 9:33 AM
2 comments
links to this post
Whats this?
Internet back just in time for Hump Day?
Well now, that is good timing.
:)Story will be posted soon.xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 6:37 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Monday, December 17, 2007
Quick Post
Well winter is here in full force and with that, a snowstorm
has knocked out our internet.
Should hopefully be restored soon, fingers crossed!I am behind in emails, I apologize and I have not forgotten about you, I promise.
Just don't have the ability to really sort through all of that right now.Warm hugs and kisses!xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 10:00 AM
3 comments
links to this post
Thursday, December 13, 2007
I love you guys
I really do.
You know, I had definitely forgotten how sweet and supportive my readers were.
I want to say thank you again for everyone who emailed me with well wishes.
I promise, I will answer every single one.
:)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 4:27 PM
2 comments
links to this post
Stupidity Confirmed
The lovely chain smoking pregnant aunt accompanied the little boy to the bus stop this morning.
She was charming as always.
I asked her how she was doing, to which she answered, "Oh man, I have really felt like crap lately, stomach pains, stuff like that.""When are you due?"
I asked her again, assuming that perhaps the last time I asked her how far along she was, she was having a brain fart and just couldn't remember."I have no idea, I haven't even been to the doctor yet.
I know I should probably go though, right?"
And then she laughed.Like she doesn't even care.Maybe I am just envious.
Here she is, growing this tiny life in her tummy, soon to have a fresh newborn in her arms, and she doesn't seem to be the least bit concerned about its safety.
What I wouldn't give to have the discomforts of pregnancy right now, or a newborn baby in my arms. Rick and I were expecting our third baby this year.
Our happiness and excitement were cut short though, and we have nothing to show for it.
Just broken hearts and tears.
And emptiness.
Lots of emptiness.I don't know that that is a pain that one can ever forget.
Maybe its best that way.
You tend to look at the world around you with a greater appreciation, taking the time to cherish every precious moment you have with your family and friends. But when left alone, you remember.
You play what ifs and you feel guilty and you cry.
And cry, and cry, until you are numb and unable to shed one more tear.
Thats when the peace comes.
Its brief, but its there.
Until everything cycles again.
posted by Good Wife @ 8:03 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Wednesday, December 12, 2007
Anything for a good cause..(click me)
I'm in, how about you?
:)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 5:39 PM
0 comments
links to this post
Confessions Pt 3
I am sleepy and grumpy, sitting in my bedroom, waiting.
I think of going out and doing something with myself, but before I can really entertain the thought, I have company."Hello darling.
I have missed you so much, how have you been?"I can't help but smile, I truly am happy to see Mark.
He is one of the few men that has actually found a place in my heart.
I feel unusually close to him, and though I know I should work that much harder to push him away and make this less personal, I can't.
Every time that we are together, I feel closer to him.
This both upsets me and confuses me, but I am too happy to worry about that for now."Well hello, sweetheart!
Tell me how you have been, I have missed you!"This is a common line that I use, but I really have missed this one."I am good, babe, thanks for asking.
I have been thinking about you all day, I had to see you.
I miss you so much it hurts me."I feel a guilty twinge at those words.
Mark is falling in love with me.
He writes me beautiful poems and gorgeous love letters.
He pours his heart out to me, and too often I find myself wishing that things were different, that I could just run off and be with him, living happily ever after.
I have to remind myself that he has fallen in love with me as my character, not as my true self. "Awww!
Baby, I have missed you so much too, you don't know how happy I am to see you today." I hold him close to me and tenderly kiss his lips, as he happily tells me about his day.
I listen intently to his every word, as he stares lovingly into my eyes and gently strokes my hair.
Every touch, every breath from Mark makes me feel special and loved.
He makes me feel like a princess.When we make love, it is magical.
He covers me in kisses and holds me tightly to him, every thrust is met with a tangled hug and more gentle kisses.
He tells me how beautiful I am, how much he loves me.
It is hot and passionate, and it is all very wrong.He holds me in his lap and sings love songs to me.
He happily caters to my every want and need, just the act of taking care of me bringing him deep contentment.
I allow myself to get lost in the moment, and to love him back for the short time we have together before he has to leave.
He has had a long day, and although I know he would stay if I only asked, I let him go so he can rest. "I don't want to leave you, darling.
Tell me to stay."I bite my tongue before gently kissing him goodbye. I lie on the bed and think about how devastated Mark would be if he only knew.
posted by Good Wife @ 5:16 PM
0 comments
links to this post
Happy Hump Day!
I will have my hump day submission up later on today.
Got sick kids here that need tending to.
:)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 8:23 AM
2 comments
links to this post
Monday, December 10, 2007
posted by Good Wife @ 1:40 PM
2 comments
links to this post
Mail's here, mail's here
"Heres the mail, it never fails, it makes me want to wag my tail..."This time of year, I like to get myself a little something when I am in the giving mood, purchasing gifts for everyone else.
Just received a package from Victoria's Secret, lots of new goodies to wear.
Hey, we all deserve a little bit of pampering, right?
I can't wait to see just what kind of pampering I may receive later tonight.
(See, I was thinking of others too!
hehe)
posted by Good Wife @ 11:15 AM
3 comments
links to this post
Don't read this if you are eating
Seriously, yuck.
posted by Good Wife @ 11:14 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Sunday, December 09, 2007
Music
Feeling rather accomplished right now.
I played around with the html in my template and added the nifty music player you now see in the sidebar.
Loved having my music player before, but it was seriously lacking and running out of bandwidth well before the month was through. Hopefully it will be enjoyed, I added some of my favorite ear candy.
You can pause it, or pick and choose through my menu of songs. Happy listening!
:)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 6:55 PM
1 comments
links to this post
Saturday, December 08, 2007
New use for carrots
What a maroon.
posted by Good Wife @ 10:11 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Ouch!
posted by Good Wife @ 10:08 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Friday, December 07, 2007
Free Toy
Have you been naughty this year?
Might get this then!
Free is always cool. Just pay the shipping.
Every once and a while, they really have some cool stuff, not sure I need this one.
lol
posted by Good Wife @ 6:58 AM
2 comments
links to this post
Hoosiers
We have some lovely new neighbors that moved in down the street.
Its a grandmother, her son with his wife and two children and then her daughter with her husband and child.
So, one of the kids happens to be the same age as my son, meaning he waits at the bus stop with us in the morning.For the first week, there was always somebody at the bus stop with this little boy.
The mom, the dad, but mostly the aunt.
Every single one of them smokes like a chimney and has this obnoxious habit of actually blowing the smoke in your face when they are talking to you.In small chat with the aunt, as she is on her third cigarette and nearly finished with the huge liter of Mountain Dew she has been guzzling, she makes mention that her son will soon have a little baby brother or sister."Oh, you're pregnant?" I ask her."Yeah," she says as she takes a long drag from her cigarette and rubs her belly, which had been hidden by the over sized clothes she has been wearing."How far along are you?""Oh, I don't know, something like five or six months at least, I think."
She takes another drag before continuing.
"And I think I might be having twins, because the baby is like, kicking in two different places at the same time, so, its either a huge baby, or definitely twins."I have nothing against smoking.
Seriously, I used to smoke.
This woman wasn't even trying to cut down, and by the way she was talking, I don't know that she has even seen a doctor yet.
Shouldn't she know how far along she is?I bit my tongue, but my God, I wanted to say something.So the week passes, and lo and behold, come Monday morning, we get up to the bus stop, and this young child is sitting next to the busy road all by himself.
He can't be a day over six, he is new to the neighborhood, and he was left to sit at the bus stop all alone.Maybe I am paranoid, but you can't watch the news anymore without seeing some horrible story about children abducted from the bus stop, or being hit by a car, or God knows what other horrible thing.
And they just don't care, they leave that poor baby to fend for himself.Not good.We now make a point of trying to get out to the bus stop before him, which is way earlier than I would care to be up there, but I can't stand the guilt of worrying what may happen to him if we weren't there.Stupid hoosiers.
posted by Good Wife @ 6:30 AM
1 comments
links to this post
There was this construction worker on the 3rd floor of this unfinished building. He needed a hand saw, but was too lazy to go down and get it himself, so he tried to call his fellow worker on the ground to get it for him, but this guy could not hear a word he said. So he started to give a sign so the guy on the ground could understand him.First he pointed at his eyes (meaning "I") then pointed at his knees (meaning "need), and moved his hand back and forth describing the movement of a hand saw.Finally, the guy on the ground started nodding his head like he understood and dropped his pants and started to jerk off.The guy on the 3rd floor got pissed-off and ran down to the ground and started yelling at this guy, "You idiot, I was trying to tell you I needed a hand saw."The other guy replied, "I know, I was trying to tell you that I was coming."*********************************There was a guy riding through the desert on his camel. He had been travelling so long that he felt the need to have sex. Obviously there were no women in the desert so the man turned to his camel.He tried to position himself to have sex with his camel but the camel ran away. The man ran to catch up to the camel and got back on and started to ride again. Soon he was feeling the urge to have sex again so once again he turned to his camel. The camel refused by running away. So he caught up to it again and go on it again.Finally after riding the camel through the whole desert the man came to a road. There was a broken down car with three big chested beautiful blondes sitting in it.He went up to them and asked the women if they needed any help.The hottest girl said ,"If you fix our car we will do anything you want."The man luckily knew a thing or two about cars and fixed it in a flash.When he finished are three girls asked, "How could we ever repay you Mr."After thinking for a short while he replied,"Could you hold my camel?"*****************************Two 90 year olds had been dating for a while, when the man told the woman, "Well, tonight's the night we have sex!"And so they did.As they are lying in bed afterward, the man thinks to himself, "My God, if I knew she was a virgin, I would have been much more gentle with her!"And the woman was thinking to herself, "My God, if I knew the old geezer could actually get it up, I would have taken off my panty hose!"******************************Steve is shopping for a new motorcycle. He finally finds one for a great price, but it's missing a seal, so whenever it rains he has to smear vaseline over the spot where the seal should be.Anyway, his girlfriend is having him over for dinner to meet her parents. He drives his new bike to her house, where she is outside waiting for him."No matter what happens at dinner tonight, don't say a word." She tells him, "Our family had a fight a while ago about doing dishes. We haven't done any since, but the first person to speak at dinner has to do them."Steve sits down for dinner and it is just how she described it. Dishes are piled up to the ceiling in the kitchen, and nobody is saying a word. So Steve decides to have a little fun. He grabs his girlfriend, throws her on the table and has sex with her in front of her parents.His girlfriend is a little flustered, her dad is obviously livid, and her mom horrified when he sits back down, but no one says a word. A few minutes later he grabs her mom, throws her on the table and does a repeat performance. Now his girlfriend is furious, her dad is boiling, and her mother is a little happier.But still there is complete silence at the table. All of a sudden there is a loud clap of thunder, and it starts to rain. Steve remembers his motorcycle. He jumps up and grabs his jar of vaseline.Upon witnessing this, his girlfriend's father backs away from the table and screams, "OKAY, ENOUGH ALREADY, I'LL DO THE FUCKING DISHES"
posted by Good Wife @ 6:16 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Thursday, December 06, 2007
Ninja Love
I don't know why, but the Ninja cracks me up.
:)
There are all sorts of clips on his site.
I know, I have an odd sense of humor. lol
posted by Good Wife @ 12:47 PM
1 comments
links to this post
Dead man's come
There is nothing less sexy than having sex with a completely lifeless partner.
Seriously.
Not hot.I wanted Rick so badly yesterday.
It was that type of hunger that a dildo or vibrator couldn't even
begin to quench.
I wanted that connection, the heat, the passion.
I got the complete polar opposite. When he came into bed, I came in close to him and nuzzled his neck, running my fingers through his chest hair.
I let my hands wander around on his body and felt his cock coming to life.
I decided to help things along and get him nice and wet for me, so I took him in my mouth.I licked and I sucked that dick with a hungry desire to soon have it plunged deep inside of my waiting, aching pussy.
All the while, he lay there, limp and silent.
Not a tiny moan escaping his lips, not a hand reaching for me, nothing.
No sign at all that he was either enjoying himself or not, just dead silence.I reposition myself and take him deeper down my throat, humming, letting him feel the vibrations along with the heat as my hand slides up and down his shaft. Still nothing.
I wonder if he is even still breathing, when before I know it, and with no warning at all, he comes in my mouth.Game over.No fucking. He rolls over and turns on his alarm, leaving me highly irritated and completely unsatisfied.
I think that qualifies as cruel and unusual punishment.
*pout*
posted by Good Wife @ 10:36 AM
4 comments
links to this post
Wednesday, December 05, 2007
Stranded Pt 1
Taking a step in another direction for the story this week.
This one was an idea that was given to me when I was requesting story ideas a few years ago.
Wow, was that really years ago?
lol
Anyway, it is a little bit longer than I expected, so I am splitting it into parts.
Wondering now if the person who sent me the idea will even remember. lol
We shall see!
:)
Enjoy!
*********************************It was late and dark.
Very dark.
She was driving in the middle of nowhere it seemed, having taken a wrong turn off of the interstate trying to find a gas station,
The low fuel light was flashing, demanding her attention, but she was completely out of place in her surroundings.
It was a business trip that pulled her away from home, and she shook her head as she started to get a little panicked that she would run out of gas where no one would even know to find her.It was cold outside, the bitter cold wind slightly pushing at her car as she drove.
It was the cold that kept her from getting out of the car to fill up at the last gas station she had seen, but that was hours ago.
She spotted another turn coming up and decided to chance it, hoping and praying to find a service station.
The further she drove, the darker it seemed to get, and the thinner the road became, until it abruptly turned into a dirt road."Shit, shit, shit!" she hissed under her breath.Tiny little snow flakes began to fall from the velvet sky as the dirt road turned into what looked like a driveway.
Her headlights showed a small cabin, far ahead in the distance, and then she saw movement.
A tall, dark figure holding a rather large ax as he split firewood outside of that small cabin.
And then, in the middle of this isolated driveway, the car sputtered and died, the last fume of gasoline finally gone.She kept her eyes fixated on the ax, suddenly remembering every single backwoods, hillbilly horror movie she had ever seen.
A deep gulp as the dark figure paused and looked out at her car, walking towards her, ax still planted firmly in hand.He squinted at the brightness of the car's headlights, and as he approached, she saw those gorgeous, piercing sky blue eyes.
He was tall and muscular, and he was very handsome.
He smiled at her as she rolled down her window."Hi there.
I'm so sorry, I got lost out here, I must have taken a few wrong turns.
It seems I overestimated my car's gas tank."
She nervously smiled at the stranger as he chuckled and eyed the out of state plates, taking in the sight of his unexpected visitor.She definitely looked out of place here, driving her BMW and having those perfectly manicured nails.
Her long, dark hair cascaded down her shoulders, framing her beautiful face.
Gorgeous, dark brown doe eyes looked up at him and seemed to search him for signs of danger."You're actually pretty lucky you found yourself up here, there isn't another driveway for miles and that road you were driving is a dead end."He watches her shiver as a gust of wind rushes into her open car window and steals her breath away."Come on," he says, as he reaches down and opens her car door.
"Come and warm yourself inside my cabin.
I have a nice fire going in there.
I would take you to the nearest service station, but its pretty late and they will be closed.
I'll take you first thing in the morning though."His warm, inviting smile melted her fears and she gladly climbed out of her car.
"Thank you so much, I really appreciate it," she says as he offers her his hand, guiding her up the driveway in the dark, up to his cabin door.
"Maybe there is a motel or something that I can stay in out here?
I don't want to
put you out or anything.""Oh please, little ol' you couldn't put me out, don't worry.
It would be my pleasure to put you up for the night.
I don't get much company up here, believe it or not."Again he chuckled, putting her at ease as they stepped into the small cabin.
The fire place took up the better part of the back wall, nearest to the bed.
There was a large fuzzy rug in front of the fire, and she quickly made herself over to the heat."My name is James, by the way," he said as he closed the door behind him, arms full of firewood."Nice to meet you, James.
My name is Angela."
She smiled and watched him as he shed his thick coat."Can I take yours?"
She nodded and he walked over to her, sliding the material off of her shoulders and then hanging it up next to his near the door.
She looked around the cabin, it was cozy and kept very clean with no signs of human remains to be seen. Letting out a tiny sigh of relief, she sat down in front of the fire, rubbing her hands together and trying to fight off the chill as the wind howled violently outside.He sat down next to her, large bottle of Jack Daniels in his hand.
He took a swig and then offered it to her.
She wasn't much for the hard liquors,
but she knew it would help warm her so she accepted the offer.
The first drink reminded her why she didn't drink Jack Daniels.
It was acrid and it burned all the way down.
Her face twisted as she swallowed and he laughed.
With determination, she decided to quickly take another drink, quick and easy."Watch that third sip, its a doozy!"
She laughed, spilling some of the whiskey on her shirt as she choked down that third sip, surrendering the bottle.
Her eyes sparkled when she laughed, those pretty lips smiling back at him."So, what brings you out this way?
I gather you aren't from around here.""You gather correctly," she giggled.
"No, I am out here on business, was just on my way home actually.""Do you have somebody waiting for you at home?"
He asked her as he looked down at her hand, not seeing any rings resembling a wedding band.She looked at him, he was even more gorgeous here in the warm glow of the fire.
He was sitting very close to her, she took in a deep breath, smelling his rugged scent and closing her eyes.
It had been a while since she was in the company of a man, and she was letting her desires, and perhaps the whiskey, cloud her judgment.
She stared into those beautiful eyes, watching him smile as he tried to read her face for clues."Nope.
Nobody's waiting for me."
Her eyes wandered all over his body, imagining what it would feel like to touch him, to be touched by him.She wouldn't have to wait long to find out.
posted by Good Wife @ 9:21 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Tuesday, December 04, 2007
Hot Guys
Why are men that are good with their hands so amazingly hot to me?
Show me a man that knows his way around a car, can fix the furnace when it goes out, is just generally mechanically inclined and my temperature rises.Muy caliente!Apparently it goes both ways.I played Miss Fixit yesterday and tinkered around with Rick's car.
Nothing big, he was having an issue with the heat dial not working. It had actually snapped off.
POS car, but we won't go into that right now.
Anyway, the way it broke, you couldn't reach the nub to turn it, even with a pair of
pliers.
So he ended up taking my car to work, and I had the time to research on the internet and come up with a temporary fix.
Gotta love the world wide web.Just went in under the dash and fiddled around a bit, looking for the "white thingy" that some guy was describing on the message board that I found.
It worked, heat came blasting out and I felt pretty damned proud of myself.
(it doesn't take much, I assure you :) lol)So when Rick came home last night, I was very happy to tell him what I had done."I fixed your heater," I said as he walked through the door and placed his things down."You did what?"I explained to him what I did and watched the smile creep onto his face as he pulled me close to him."So I have myself a hot little mechanic here, huh," he purred and I felt him pressed up against me, growing, pulsing."You like that, do you?""I do," as he kisses my neck."Then come and show me."Mmmm, and he definitely showed me!
posted by Good Wife @ 11:58 AM
2 comments
links to this post
Thursday, November 29, 2007
Whipped
Rick was telling me about his day as I flopped down on the bed, half way listening to what he was saying as I stared out the window, watching the last leaf trying desperately to fall off of the big tree in the side yard. He was getting undressed to climb into the shower before he had to dash out again.
When he slid off his belt, he folded it over and clapped it, making that delicious leather slap noise.
I closed my eyes, and then felt a slight sting as he whipped my ass with his belt.I think he expected me to protest.I didn't.He did it again.
This time, just a little bit harder.
A pause as he expected me to whine or perhaps even jump up and playfully slap him. Nothing.
I enjoyed it. He didn't have time to play, so he chuckled as he started up the shower and I was left lying on the bed, slight heat and stinging on my bottom flesh as I closed my eyes and finished off the fantasy in my head.He has this nasty habit of starting things up and leaving them unfinished that drives me crazy.
Not good crazy.
Irritated crazy. When he stepped out of the shower, he had to walk past me naked to get to his dresser.
I seized the moment to repay him, and took his cock deeply into my mouth, licking and sucking him, feeling him growing harder and bigger on my tongue.
He had no taste, being scrubbed clean, but he felt so good in my mouth. Using my hand on his slick shaft, I rubbed him in unison with my lips.
He starting moaning and placed his hand on my head as he looked down and watched me.And then I stopped."You don't have time for this do you? You have to get going."
I smiled, stood up and walked out of the bedroom, happy to see the pout on his face. When he walked out the front door, he whispered in my ear, "We have unfinished business here, we will resolve this later." And that is exactly what I wanted to hear.
posted by Good Wife @ 8:24 AM
2 comments
links to this post
Wednesday, November 28, 2007
I'm lazy, I admit it
Last year, after neglecting my blog for so long, I went through and deleted all of the dead links, and there were loads.
But there were still a few of my favourites going strong, and I was happy to be able to catch up with them.Now even most of those are dead or completely missing.
I miss so many of my blogger friends, I know that we really used to have a good time on here, through commenting on each other's blogs, emails, etc.*sigh*Things change I suppose.
I have always hated change. I suck at updating my links, and I apologize for that.
Its the HTML that makes my eyes cross and makes me wary of even messing with it, fearful that I may just muck everything up by mistake.
I know, thats the lazy way out. To my blogger friends who are still reachable and out there reading this, hello!
To my new friends, and friends to be made, hello to you as well! If I have somehow missed your new blog, if you are out there and I just don't know it, email me.
posted by Good Wife @ 6:08 PM
2 comments
links to this post
Confessions: Part 2
"Hey baby, did you miss me?"I quickly recognize the Australian love machine, and roll my eyes beneath closed
lids."Hey yourself, big boy!
You know I missed you, Derek.
I am so happy to see you again!"I lie.
I hate Derek.
There are so few of my men that I hate, but Derek is one of them."Yeah, I bet you did, bitch.
You got cobwebs in your pussy?
Been a while since you had me.
Bet you're all dried up, aren't you?"Charming as ever.
I smile and pretend that he is wonderful."Oh no, of course not, baby!
You make me so hot and wet just thinking of you, I could never dry up!
I have to play with myself all the time when you aren't here, because I get so horny thinking of your big, huge cock!""Get naked."Derek likes to play very rough, and often likes to wrap his hand tightly around my throat, choking me as he fucks me and shoves his fingers in my ass.
He likes to watch the look of fear, as you wonder whether or not he will go too far and actually strangle you.
He chuckles and gets off on the thought. "Gag on my cock, bitch."He shoves his cock deeply into my mouth and grips tightly at my ears and hair, fucking my face like some cheap sex toy, tears filling my eyes as I gag on him.
This is what he wants."I'm going to cum on your face."He pulls out and covers my face with his squirts, hitting my eye, making it burn before he slaps my cheek, coating his hand with his sperm that he quickly wipes in my hair, using me as his towel.
Fucking, or rather, being fucked by Derek is like getting raped, and the more horrified that I am, the more and the quicker he gets off.
He is nasty and abusive.
He was arrested for beating his wife so badly that she ended up in
hospital for days.
He pretends to be remorseful about it, but I know better.
I wonder if she hates him as much as I do.
posted by Good Wife @ 11:43 AM
2 comments
links to this post
Saturday, November 24, 2007
Its funny
I woke up on Wednesday morning, remembering a very vivid dream.
In my dream, I was of all things, blogging.
I woke up missing this blog, feeling bad for having been so neglectful, for losing touch with my blogger friends. And so I blogged.
:)What I find funny, is after I made my post and was glancing at my blog, I noticed that the last entry was dated November 21, 2006.
That was exactly one year to the day.
Eerie, yeah?To T and runr53, a great big hug and juicy kiss for making this girl smile and feel good.
Its nice to be remembered.
Love you guys.xoxopsLook for the next installment to Confessions on Wednesday, or as I have always liked to call it, Hump Day. :)
posted by Good Wife @ 4:44 PM
0 comments
links to this post
Wednesday, November 21, 2007
Confessions : Part 1
I sit comfortably in my big, over sized chair, tucked away in the corner of my bedroom, and I wait.
Grocery list, errands to be run, dinner menu, kids schedules all running through my mind when I get called to duty.
I take a quick sip of water and prepare to perform."Hi babes, names Simon, 43.
Looking for a good time, can you help?"Nothing at all distinguishes this man from any other, right down to the cheesy pick up line.
He has already bored me, but he will never know that."Well hello there, Simon, sweetheart!
Goodness, you do sound like quite a naughty boy!
I like to think that I can help you out, why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself, love?" I already know whats coming.
A dramatized description of his humongous penis, so big he doesn't know if I will be able to take it all.
He'll tell me that he looks just like Brad Pitt, when we both know that he looks more like
the creepy guy on the bus that stares at you entirely too long before shooting you his "sexy" snaggle-toothed-come-hither grin. Its not long at all before I am his obedient little whore, telling him how good his cock feels deep inside my pussy.
Inevitably, he'll want to flip me over and fuck my ass, hard and strong, before he comes all over my face.
I tell him how yummy his cream is, and what an amazing fuck he is. "Hunni, I love you so much.
xx", he says.I don't know why they always feel compelled to tell me that.
Whether its just habit, guilty conscience or perhaps in their own little world, they actually do believe that.
I know that some of them do.
I become their daily addiction.
For whatever reason the world has cheated them out of a lover and a soul mate, and they fill that void with me.
Part of me feels flattered, while the other part wishes they would wake up and move on.
I never let that part of me show though, because I need them as much as they need me. I cringe when they tell me how much they have spent on me.
I know that they need that money for rent, food, and in some cases their families.
Every once in a while, my heart bleeds through and I tell them to take a break, to come back to me when their funds allow.
I tell them that I will always be there when they need me, and beg them to be careful with their money.
But they never listen.
They just come back to me that much more often. Deeper both in love and in debt.Its hard not to feel close to some of the men.
The regulars.
They share every aspect of their life with you, their joys and their pains.
With every tear I kiss away, it becomes harder to push them out of my thoughts when they leave.
I wonder if they are still mourning the loss of their loved one, or the end of their marriage.
I find myself genuinely hoping that they get through the pain quickly and with no scars.
When they share good news with me, I smile, and I am truly happy for them.
This is dangerous territory to be in.As Simon leaves me, he promises to be back very soon.
He tells me how wonderful I am and that he can't wait to spend time with me again very soon.
I smile, knowing that he will return.
He isn't gone but for a moment before my attentions are already focused on someone else.
posted by Good Wife @ 7:49 AM
7 comments
links to this post
Tuesday, November 21, 2006
Time Travel
After spending the last two months half way around the world, I can't help but feel 'off' now that I am safely home.
I'm tired, my days and nights are confused, I'm emotionally exhausted.
Anything for a friend, and I'd do it again in a heartbeat.I need a nap.
Come snuggle up with me and make it better.xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 9:03 AM
12 comments
links to this post
Monday, September 11, 2006
Long Week...
Just got back from a trip of rather unpleasant circumstances.
I'm jetlagged and emotionally exhausted.Time to jump into bed and rest up.
Anyone care to join me? ;)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 4:56 PM
8 comments
links to this post
Thursday, August 31, 2006
Stormy
Its nice and warm outside, and we've just been hit with a surprise thunderstorm.
I so desperatly want to go outside with Rick, letting the cool drops soak us while we lose ourselves in passionate kisses.
Groping soggy, newly transparent articles of clothing until we stumble to the soft blanket of the freshly mowed lawn.
Bits of grass sticking to our exposed skin as we personify the rapture of Mother Nature's shower with wanton lovemaking.I want it so bad I ache.
posted by Good Wife @ 7:20 PM
5 comments
links to this post
Wednesday, August 30, 2006
Up and down with the man in brown
I don't know why I let myself feel so low with Rick's rejection.
Being turned down time after time tends to make one feel rather undesireable.
Fat, ugly, etc.
I know thats not true.I lay in my chaise lounge yesterday, basking in the last days of summer.
Looking down the length of my frame revealed a body that is trimmer, and in better shape than before ever having children.
Beneath the bikini bottom, hides a perfectly trimmed mound that has not been touched by anyone but me and my imagination in weeks. Imagination and batteries can only do so much before the body revolts and demands more.Hypnotized by the warmth of the sun and lost in my thoughts, I didn't even hear his truck pull up."Hello!"I look up, surprised and still slightly enraptured with the heat of the sun that has wrapped itself around me.
It takes just a moment to register his face."Hi, Dom!"
I stretched as I rose, releasing the trance and headed over to him.
Dominic is the UPS guy, a regular at my house both delivering and picking up packages for me.
He is very easy on the eyes and always happy to help any way he can."Got anything for me today?"I nodded as I walked towards him and pointed to the stack of packages easily visible through the back porch window.He looked me up and down, clicking his tongue, "Driving the neighborhood men crazy in that tiny bikini again, I see." "Well, not my man," I pouted as we headed to the sliding glass doors.
"Hes made me feel like an ugly cow
these last few weeks.""Criminal," he said as he shook his head. I turned around to face him, nipples hard and poking through the thin material of my top, skin moist from tanning oil.
"Do you know that my husband hasn't even touched me in over two weeks?"I could feel him ripping my suit off with is eyes. His breath quickened as he licked his top lip and replied, "He doesn't know how lucky he is.""Do you want to get lucky, Dominic?"
I stepped closer to him, almost touching as I read his face."Well, of course I would, but..." I placed my finger on his lip, hushing him as my other hand released my top.
Leaning against his body, I grabbed his large, muscular hands and put them on my hips, removing the fabric that hid my excitement.Unzipping the brown shorts, I pulled his cock out, squeezing it before turning around and bending over.My hands held on to the patio chair as he entered my lonely pussy and slowly began to thrust.
My breasts swayed with the motion, moans escaping my lips and relief rushing over every inch of my body."Mmmm....oh, yes.....fuck me...fuck my pussy, Dom..."He grunted and groaned, his hips moving faster, the material of his shorts tickling my ass.
His hands dug deep into the flesh of my hips as he pounded harder and harder."Oh, fuck!," he exclaimed as he pulled out and sprayed my rump and the deck below with his climax.Satiated to finally remember what it feels like to have a man between my legs, I sat back in the patio chair and noticed the coconut scented oil marks on Dom's uniform where my breasts touched his chest, and where my legs and bottom slapped against his crotch. "Ummm......" he zipped up and composed himself.
"I should get those packages..." I pointed him to the glass doors and watched him collect the boxes.
Coming back outside, he smiled as he walked down the steps. "Wil you need me tomorrow?" he asked."I may have a box waiting for you," I say as my hand slithers down my body and brushes over my pussy lips.Imagination and batteries can only do so much before the body revolts and demands more.
Batteries may die, but the imagination will always run wild.
At least in my imagination I still get regular fucks.
posted by Good Wife @ 8:35 AM
4 comments
links to this post
Saturday, August 26, 2006
How I've felt these last few weeks...
(click title)Yeah, I'm bitching and being petty about it, but dammit, I'm allowed to pout.
;)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 9:14 PM
6 comments
links to this post
Mat Weddle of Obadiah Parker -A beautiful voice, and the best version of 'Hey Ya' I've heard yet.
posted by Good Wife @ 9:00 PM
1 comments
links to this post
Friday, August 25, 2006
Sexless
I have been blown off more times than I care to count in the last two weeks when trying to get intimate with Rick.
This has had me porn surfing and masturbating like a highschool boy, nearing obsession.Last night I was blown off all evening, until Rick decided he finally could spare me a minute of his precious time for a quickie......but I was not interested and nothing happened. I was/am mad and I let that push him away.
And I didn't/don't care.
posted by Good Wife @ 12:39 PM
4 comments
links to this post
Thursday, August 17, 2006
August 17
This date has been a tough one for six years now. I have my rituals to help me cope, but its still fresh enough to really sting. link link linkKevin's Law passed legislation last year. link
posted by Good Wife @ 5:13 PM
4 comments
links to this post
Monday, August 14, 2006
The Tube
So a friend of mine has recently gotten me hooked on YouTube.
I'm probably one of the last people on the planet to hear about it, as usual.
lolAnyway, recent navigation through the site brought me to a popular item commonly uploaded. Men masturbating through clothing, loose pants, shorts, underwear, whatever. The idea is intriguing, and I've seen quite a few that I definetly enjoyed. Most never climax, but I have seen a couple that did, leaving growing wet spots on their clothing while their meat throbbed beneath.Every once in awhile, a glimpse of skin will peek out. Just enough to let your imagination go wild, and definetly good fodder for those times when your lover just happens to bear the same name as you.To the masturbating men on the Tube, keep it up boys!
Please!
I rather enjoy your hard work.
;)
posted by Good Wife @ 3:04 PM
7 comments
links to this post
Sunday, August 13, 2006
Goddamned game
I spent the day being a domestic goddess.
I cooked, cleaned and pampered the entire family enough to put Donna Reed to shame.
Freshly showered and ready to rumble in the sheets, I find myself alone, no Rick in sight.
Just the sounds of electronic bleeps and bloops coming from downstairs where
hes camped out.I've made my intentions quite clear, and lost out to the damned video game. *pout*
posted by Good Wife @ 9:09 PM
2 comments
links to this post
TemperatureLove this song and video~ makes me wiggle my ass and dance every time.
;)xoxo
posted by Good Wife @ 12:48 AM
0 comments
links to this post
Friday, August 11, 2006
Endlessly Amusing
posted by Good Wife @ 12:27 PM
2 comments
links to this post
Groomer Wanted
Must have good personal relation skills and pleasant disposition.
Must enjoy and have prior experience with pussy, and be masterful with clippers and the delicate procedure of shaving said pussy.
Salary sucks.......anytime and anywhere you please.
Serious inquirys only.Would you shave your partner?
And would it be a turn on?
Rick has mentioned several times that he would, even setting a specific date to do so, but has yet to follow through.
Of course, if
he doesn't want to do it, I would never expect him to.
But he likes me bare, and he made the offer all on his own, so I assumed he was interested if not excited to do it.
Guess I was wrong....
*pout*
posted by Good Wife @ 8:40 AM
6 comments
links to this post
Thursday, August 10, 2006
Change
I actually went through my blog links list and weeded out the dead or broken links today.
I was surprised to see some bloggers gone without a trace, their sites already claimed by someone else.
I was also surprised, and happy, to see some familiar faces still posting away.
A few ended their blogs and moved on with their lives, their needed therapy achieved and happiness restored.
I am happy for those friends, and wish them continued happiness.
A few blogs went sour, ending on sad notes.
I wish those friends happiness and healing.Some blogs went into directions I disagree with, and being goddess of my domain, I deleted them.
Oh, but to possess that power in reality!Blogs are funny things.
They are birthed for a multitude of different reasons, treated well while needed, and thrown in the corner and neglected when the novelty wears off.
I don't think thats necessarily a bad thing. I have had good and bad experiences with blogging.
The best being lessons learned, friends made, and progress made in my personal life.
The worst being false friendships, being stalked, and the pile of laundry that piled up as I immersed myself in other people's life stories.Everyone wants to be heard, to have their voice count, opinion matter.
And it does, be it electronically through cyber space or even silently in your own heart.
posted by Good Wife @ 10:46 AM
11 comments
links to this post
Thursday, February 23, 2006
Post Partum Sex
I left the hospital horny as ever, desperatly wanting to be with Rick.
Some people resume sex immediatly, but that wasn't for me.
I was inevitably sore, and didn't want to jump back into the saddle too quickly.So I hungered for Rick with such desire, I nearly drove myself crazy.As the six week mark approached, my desire plummeted greatly.
So much so, it actually completely disappeared.
I chose to exclusively breastfeed, and the overflow of estrogen just stomped out my libido like you wouldn't believe.
When Rick touched me, my eyes rolled deeply into back of my head as hoped desperatly that he would roll over and just go to sleep.Six months later, things are slowly getting better.
I have my moments, but Rick's usually not home when I do.
lol
posted by Good Wife @ 7:00 PM
9 comments
links to this post