https://www.athena-inst.com
Athena Institute--Pheromones, Wellness and Science
610-827-2200
About Us
Home
About Athena
About Dr. Cutler
Athena Mission
Science
Science Home
Scientific Articles by Dr. Cutler
Discoveries and Bibliography
In the Scientific Community
Other Health Research
Grants and Help for Students
Research Advisory Group
Pheromone Discovery
What are Pheromones?
Pheromone Discovery
The Published Science
Athena Pheromones
News Coverage
Media Coverage
Media Home
Serious Articles
Lighter Side
TV Coverage
Internet Articles
International Stories
Related books
Shop
Pheromones
Athena Pheromone 1013
Athena Pheromone 10X
Mixing Accessories
Books
All Products
View Cart / Check Out
Contact
Videos
Welcome to the
Athena Institute
for Women's Wellness, Inc.
a biomedical research organization founded by Dr. Winnifred Cutler---
the biologist who co-discovered human pheromones in 1986.
We believe healthier behavior inevitably
improves your physiology and your wellness
Winnifred Cutler, Ph.D.
Biology, Univ. of Pennsylvania
"I highly recommend you become an active manager of your health, making informed evaluations of the advice from medical professionals before granting them your informed consent to your treatment."--Dr. Cutler
Click on photo for her scientific background
Her two pheromone cosmetic fragrance additives increase your attractiveness and the affection you receive from others. Proven effective in published studies. These trade-secret formulas are unscented.
aftershave/cologne additive for men
cosmetic fragrance additive for women
What Are Pheromones?
How do Athena Pheromones differ from others?
Three 8 week double blind studies published in peer reviewed scientific journals prove the effectiveness of Athena Pheromones:
Boston Study of Post-Menopausal Women and 10:13
Romantic attention and affection enhance a woman's well-being at any age, and can contribute to her overall health and happiness. The significant results of this study show that a topical pheromone, worn with perfume as directed in the protocol can increase the affection postmenopausal women receive from their male partners.
Susan Rako, M.D.Private Practice, Newton, MA.
Joan Friebely, Ed.D. Harvard University. The Journal of Sex Research (Vol 41: 372-380, No.4, November 2004)
San Francisco State University Study of 10:13 and Reproductive-Aged Women
A double-blind, placebo-controlled study of a synthesized
female pheromone was conducted with regularly menstruating, university women. A vial of either synthesized pheromone or placebo was selected blindly and added to a subject's perfume.
Norma L. McCoy, Lisa Pitino Department of Psychology, San Francisco State University. Journal: Physiology & Behavior 75 (2002) 367–375)
Philadelphia Study of 10X for Men
This study tested whether synthesized human male pheromones increase the sociosexual behavior of men. Previous data showed such was the case in women. 38 heterosexual men, aged 26-42, completed a 2-week baseline period and 6-week placebo controlled, double-blind trial testing a pheromone "designed to improve the romance in their lives". Each man kept daily behavioral records for 6 sociosexual behaviors
Winnifred B. Cutler, Ph.D., Erika Friedmann, Ph.D., Norma L.
McCoy, Ph.D.
Journal: Archives of Sexual Behavior (Vol. 27, No.1, 1998)
Sexuality and Pheromones: An Overview
Essential Science on Women's Health..
The Truth about Mammograms and Overdiagnosis
Menopause and HRT: the 'Right Regimen' for good health
Hysterectomy: What to Know Before and After Surgery
Your Fertility
Hormone Replacement Therapy - What you need to know
Women over 50 and the dangers of avoiding HRT (article by Dr. Regula Burki)
Your Bone Health
Your Cardiovascular Health: Keep Your Heart Strong
Fibroids: Your Treatment Options
Urinary Incontinence:A problem for many healthy women
ABC 20/20 Tests Athena Pheromones
See what happened when ABC's 20/20 ran an experiment with 2 sets of Identical twins.
One Twin of each sex got the Athena Pheromones and the other got a 'fake'.
Could our pheromones create an advantage in a speed dating experiment?
Copyright © 1996-2016 Athena Institute
BACK TO TOP
CONTACT
1211 Braefield Road
Chester Springs, PA 19425
USA
Phone: 610-827-2200
email us
Connect with us!
RECENT POSTS
The Truth about Mammograms and Overdiagnosis
More harm than good?
Women over 50 and the dangers of avoiding HRT
Article By Dr. Regula Burki
Safe dating Guide-for College and the Workplace
How to navigate life as a single woman
Human Pheromone discovery