https://www.atticrissfinch.tumblr.com
Don't Let Your Dreams Be Dreams.
Hi. I'm Katy. I am 22. And I can't think of anything witty to put here. | ISFJ
Fic Masterpost
Fic Tag
FAQ
Ask Box
What I
like
© theme
Don't Let Your Dreams Be Dreams.
/
1
2
3
4
5
/
Forward
dairyphairy:
me and the squad
(Source: beefbearrito)
tags: Vine videos,
videos,
Jan 15'16 | 24,905 notes
(Source: memedad)
tags: always sunny,
to queue a mockingbird,
Jan 14'16 | 690 notes
inuzuk:
these joots were made for walking
Jan 14'16 | 32,770 notes
500daysofbased:
a girl can respect herself and still wanna suck a dude soul out
(Source: childishthot)
tags: to queue a mockingbird,
Jan 14'16 | 167,765 notes
I ACCIDENTALLY POSTED MY TITS TO MY SNAPCHAT STORY PLEASE KILL ME(Source: )
tags: only like 4 ppl saw it and it was no one TOO terrible but FUCKFUCKFUCKFCUJK,
Jan 14'16 | 4 notes
lychgate:
> goes to chipotle and gets double meat
> guy making burrito tells guy at register i got double meat
> guy at register is far too occupied by my shirt to hear him, get cheaper burrito
shia labeouf has saved me money
tags: to queue a mockingbird,
Jan 14'16 | 2,832 notes
I kept telling myself not to skip my only class today but then Alan Rickman and then I looked outside and it’s like fucking blizzard in so fuck that shit tbhFist skipped class of the semester 👍🏻 made it an entire week(Source: )
Jan 14'16 | 1 note
klartie:
me age 13: OMG!!! TEAM EDWARD!!!!! I LOVE TWILIGHT!!! TEAM EDWARD TEAM EDWARD TEAM EDW
me age 16: i fucking hate twilight i never want to see it again get it away from me what the fuck  was wrong with me
me age 18: omg wtf twilight isn’t so bad but why was i ever team edward he’s so abusive and controlling jacob is clearly the superior choice for bella i’m team jacob forever now
me age 20: Jacob Black is the epitome of the “nice guy” who plays heavily into “friendzone” culture. Bella has, on multiple occasions, told Jacob she has no romantic interest in him yet he continues to peruse her, even forcing himself on her against her will. She punches him after he forces a kiss on her but since he is a werewolf her hand bounces off his face and it’s laughed off as a joke while Jacob faces no real consequences for his actions. While Edward has exhibited abusive and controlling behavior, he stands in contrast to Jacob. Jacob will not stop pushing Bella to admit she has feeling for him while Edward, with the exception of a few minor incidents, takes the high road and doesn’t engage in Jacob’s childish and harmful practices. He does his best to protect Bella from harm and protect her ability to chose a human life or a life with him. What is really interesting is the Team Edward/Team Jacob culture that was perpetuated by this fandom when Bella Swan was the protagonist. Bella was essentially erased from the narrative by fans who wanted her with either Jacob or Edward and her choices were narrowed down to a controlling emo 100 year old vampire or a whiny man child werewolf. I am team Bella Swan and I support her ability to choose the life she wants. (Reference: Meyer, Stephenie. Twilight. , 2005. Print.)
tags: Twilight,
me,
Jan 14'16 | 39,095 notes
fleshcircus:
crash-course-canine:
@thatdognerd please make a photo shoot with paps dressed with fancy beanies and scarfs and hoodies, oh my god.
I can’t breathe
(Source: instagram.com)
tags: puppies,
to queue a mockingbird,
Jan 14'16 | 153,879 notes
straightpeoplereceipts:
straight people won’t stop giving robots titties
tags: to queue a mockingbird,
Jan 14'16 | 5,210 notes