https://www.audio-masturbation.blogspot.com
Audio-Masturbation Hear Me Make Myself Cum
Audio-Masturbation Hear Me Make Myself CumUse this blog to record your orgasms.
Simply Dial 1-661-716-blog (2564) enter your primary phone number as 619-867-5309 and the pin number of 4321
Then record yourself cumming. Simple
Welcome to Audio-Masturbation
Use this blog to record your orgasms. Simply
Dial 1-661-716-blog (2564) enter your primary phone number as 619-867-5309
and the pin number of 4321 Then record yourself cumming.
Saturday, May 28, 2005
posted by Yanks Todd |
4:18 PM
Wednesday, April 06, 2005
posted by Yanks Todd |
1:13 PM
Monday, April 04, 2005
Video Games by Katie When I was younger - about 19 as far as I remember - I once paid a visit to my home country of Myanmar (Burma). I went to see one of my uncles, Yotis, who lived near Kandawgyi (the Royal Lake) in the capital Yangon (Rangoon) with his wife, Talida, his son, Rashed, and his daughter, Fatelah. The latter two were both around my age, but I had never met them. ‘Katie,’ he said, ‘welcome to my home: I indeed have not much to offer thee’ [using the Myanmar (Burmese) familiar form of ‘you’, which he was entitled to do as my uncle of course] ‘but what I have is thine. I pray thee, be at home.’ After I had been there about a week, one evening Yotis and Talida were going out, leaving us together in the house. Yotis asked: ‘What are you children’ (huh! - children!) ‘going to do? We’ll be out around 3 hours’. ‘No problem, sir’, said Rashed, ‘we’ll read together or watch one of those programmes on the new television service’. Yotis, clearly, was satisfied with this and he and his wife went off happily - to have dinner with some friends near the Swedagon Pagoda, they told us. Immediately after they had left, Rashed said, ‘Well
what do you two girls want to do? Shall we watch a video?’ I shrugged - all videos, I thought, were the same to me - and I had no better suggestion, Yangon in those days not having much to offer young people of our age in the way of night-life. Rashed turned the lights off and lit a dozen candles, which he spread around the room. He invited us to sit in the armchairs, and then - much to my surprise - lit a ‘joint’ which he proceeded to light and to pass round the three of us in turn. I had tasted it before, but this was strong stuff - straight from the Golden Triangle to the north-east of us. I started to become woozy and light-headed, as did my companions, and we started laughing - at what, none of us had the slightest idea! Rashed was a good-looking young man - tall, slim, short dark hair, a pale skin, muscular thighs, and - I couldn’t help noticing! - a delightful, neat, firm backside. Fatelah was, I suppose, equally attractive in her way: like many Burmese women, she had long, dark, gleaming hair, atop a roundish but pale face, laughing black eyes, and was certainly not fat, but had generous breasts and a large behind, with long, firm, muscular thighs. Rashed said, ‘OK, girls, I’ll start the video.’ I settled back, delightfully light-headed with the effects of the dope, and vaguely wondered what the video would be. It was called, as far as I remember, ‘Coming Together’, and I thought that that was a bit of a strange title but thought nothing more of it. It started with a shot of a handsome, hairy guy in his 30s and a big, buxom, European blonde of about the same age, cuddling on a bed. When they started to undress each other and to reveal all the parts of their anatomy, I pretty quickly realised what kind of video this was! I actually became a little bit anxious because - having watched one or two films of this type in Europe - I knew that I got very sexually excited by them and I always ended up having to make myself come. What worried me now therefore was how I was going to cope with two other people in the room! The woman in the video started to lick the guy’s penis from top to bottom: it was as hard as steel, solid, erect, straining, and I could immediately feel my breasts start to tingle and my pussy to become itchy. I crossed my legs in my jeans, so I could at least give it some comforting pressure between my thighs. Casually, I looked at my two companions - and was pretty reassured by what I saw! Rashed was rubbing an enormous bulge in his trousers, and Fatelah had pushed her skirt up and had one hand between her legs over her panties, while the other was rubbing her breasts. ‘This’, I thought to myself, ‘could be OK
.’ Unabashed, now that I had seen what they were doing, and relaxed by the dope, I uncrossed my legs, unfastened and unzipped my jeans, opened my thighs a little, and pushed one hand down behind my panties, down to where my pussy was tingling wet. I was able to massage her with a palm of one hand, to relieve the ache she was beginning to feel. On the video, matters were progressing swiftly. The woman was sucking in the guy’s huge erection into her mouth, and was greasing it with her spittle, so that as she drew upwards, the purple, engorged head looked enticingly glistening and ready to spurt. He then lay the woman on her back, opened her thighs and pushed them back right over her head, exposing a gaping slit with large, glistening lips, which he proceeded to lick all round, ending up at her clit, which he tongued fast. The woman was screaming, her head thrown back, obviously enjoying the feast she was providing to her screen lover. Rashed had by now opened his jeans and pushed them and his underpants down around his knees, allowing one of the most gigantic tools I had ever seen to curve its purple-headed way up towards his stomach. He was unashamedly rubbing it slowly, with the whole fist of one hand, up and down its enormous length, from balls to wet, gleaming tip. Fateleh was equally unabashed, and I noticed that she stole little glances at me, to watch what I was doing - whereas Rashed was focused entirely on the screen and his enormous penis. She had placed one leg over each arm of her chair, had hoisted her skirt up to her waist, had pushed her pants down and off her feet, and had one finger firmly ensconced inside her pussy. My poor little slit was getting hotter and wetter with every second that passed. It was not only the video that excited me but the presence of two other people in the same room as I engaged in the same act as I and whom I was watching and who were watching me! I had never masturbated in public before and had never seen anyone else in the flesh (as it were) doing so - except for my sister when I was much younger. I undid my top and my bra, and started to rub my small, firm breasts and my hot, erect nipples with one hand. I tweaked them between my thumb and forefinger, till they were nut-hard and aching with desire. I could see Fateleh was mirroring my actions. I copied her too, taking off my jeans and pants completely, spreadeagling my short, slender thighs across each arm of my chair, allowing me unfettered access to my pussy, which by now was drenching wet. As I rubbed one finger up and down it, I could feel the sopping, drenching wetness and was aware of my hot, throbbing clit, clamouring for attention - but I refused to touch that, knowing from past experience that that was a surefire way of coming more or less instantly, and I wanted to last a while! The video was gaining in intensity. The woman had by now seated herself firmly on the guy’s muscular instrument, with the broad, muscular cheeks of her backside towards the camera, revealing a puckered, pinkish-brown little hole between them, as the penis thrust itself up and down inside her pussy. She pushed herself up and down that pole more and more quickly, screaming with wild little cries that echoed around the room in which the three of us were sitting. Glancing over at Rashed, I could see that he had abandoned the use of his whole fist for his thumb and forefinger only, rubbing just the purple, engorged tip quite fast. Despite the dim light, I could see his juices making the top glisten in the candlelight. Fateleh had also changed her technique. She was now rocking backwards and forwards on the whole of her hand, buried between the hairy lips of her pussy. Faster and faster she rocked, her breath coming in quick gasps: she was nearing her climax it seemed. I too was not going to be able to hold on much longer: I was still continuing my favourite up-and-down movement of one finger between the lips of my hot, wet little slit, but doing it faster, sometimes pushing a finger in and out of my pussy hole. But then I could leave my throbbing, engorged clit alone no more, aching for comfort as she was. I rubbed a finger round and round on her, feeling as I did so the fullness in my pussy getting ready to climax. The couple on the screen had changed positions. The man had now lain the woman on her back and was thrusting his massive organ in and out of her sopping wet hole, accompanied by loud gurgling, slurping sounds. He moved faster and faster until - unusually for such videos in my limited experience - she screamed and shuddered in the throes of an apparently real orgasm, after which the man suddenly pulled out, sat astride her stomach, rubbed himself a few times, and spurted what must have been a dozen gobs of white cum over her massive breasts. She rubbed this around and around them, making them wet and white. At the same time, Rashed had resumed his whole fist action on his gigantic, engorged tool and was pumping it up and down furiously until suddenly but soundlessly he spurted all over his stomach, up to his chin, the muscles of his whole body clenching. Fateleh’s rocking was clearly achieving its intended effect too for she equally suddenly threw her head back with a quiet cry, while the visible effects of her orgasm could be seen in the clenching of the muscles of her stomach. That just left me and my little slit
.last but not least - by any manner of means! I rubbed my clit finger round and round faster and faster, still rubbing my hard nipples with my other hand, until at last I could feel my orgasm starting from my ankles and moving up my legs, still spread across the arms of my chair. The muscles of my whole body tightened, my back arched, as the sudden warm wave arrived, and I - and only I! - screamed rapturously as the whole of my pussy convulsed in spasms of joy. The video was by now showing another scene, of another couple, doing the same things only in different positions, as we all distinctly heard a key in the lock of the front door: Yotis and Talida were back! Within five seconds, the television was showing a documentary about the (supposedly) wondrous achievements of the Myanmar Government (the staple diet) and there were three young people in the room, watching it avidly, fully dressed. ‘Hullo, you three
had a good evening?’ was the question...but no reply was to be heard from the three apparently sleeping figures, sprawled across three armchairs, fully dressed.
posted by Yanks Todd |
1:21 PM
Oh What Music Can Do! by Flaming June Its a funny thing music. I mean any type of music no matter what your preferences are can have an effect on you. It helps when there's someone you are attracted to in the room. I used to listen to Janet Jackson back in the 80's but its never really been my type of music. More of a punk/new wave fan. However I think I've become a fan for life after my little interlude with a close friend. I was at my friend Jessica's apartment. She had just moved in and I was helping her get her place set up so I was staying the weekend. I had always thought she was attractive and being bisexual, well that happens alot. We were both in our pjs. Me, typical tank with no bra on and my baggy pj pants. Jessica, tank no bra (Oh My God her boobs are gorgeous) and little sporty pj shorts. We had already put the furniture where it had to be and we were going through her cds, albums (yes those still exist) and just being nostalgic. To celebrate the occassion we were drinking alot of wine. All we could do was laugh at the albums she had. El Debarge, Stacy Q, Culture Club, Michael Jackson, and Janet Jackson. "Oh my God I love this album. Janet has this one song at the end that is sooo hot!!" I'm really skeptical. I mean I knew some songs from the Control album but I didnt know all of them and Hot? I dunno. At any rate she puts it on and it's this jazzy r&b type of song. Well Jessica is so wired and tipsy she starts stripteasing. Lifting her shirt up and putting it back down, rolling her shorts down and back up and she was looking at me like she's NEVER looked at me before. It's the last song on the album. At the end of the song, Janet starts talking. You can tell she's making out. The next thing I hear is Janet Jackson MOANING. Just really getting down and dirty. I realize, "Oh my God, shes having sex." The alcohol has hit me too. I am very very turned on I just cant help myself and i start gyrating on the sofa. Not alot but enough that i feel my thong riding me. I look back at Jessica and shes acting out everything Janet is feeling. She's on the floor with her hand down the front of her shorts. I put my hand down the front of mine. My God I have NEVER done this in front of ANYONE let alone one of my friends. It just felt like we had to. the song was over. Janet's moaning was over. The only moaning was coming from Jessica and myself. "Hhhuh hhuh hhuhh, hhaye Mara. I cant belive... ayyye. mmmm". Thats all Jessica could get out. I really dont think there was anything else that was needed to say. I mean what could you say? I stopped. I got down off the sofa onto the floor next to her. I took off her shorts all the way. She wasn't wearing any underwear. Thank God. I took my pj bottoms and underwear off and my top. I just laid down next to her. I put my head on her shoulder and then kissed her neck. Oh boy that set her off. She was all over the place. The screams. She was riding her fingers so deep she was THERE. "AYE! AYE! YESSSSS!!! UHHHHHHHHH! UH! UH! UH! UHHHHHHHHH!" I was so in awe of watching her cum I didn't realize how far deep my fingers went. It wasn't until she looked at me and touched my hand that I felt myself lose it. "Uhhh!! Hhhuh hhhuh hhhhuuuuuuuuhh! YESS! Fuck!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHH AYEEE!!!" She kept on kissing me as I rode out my orgasm. I couldn't believe this happened. We were both so tired we fell asleep kissing on the carpet. I have never masturbated with someone else there. Jessica turned out to be the only person I ever masturbated with. And yes, we've done it more times since then. I guess we can thank Janet Jackson for that haha
posted by Yanks Todd |
1:20 PM
Sunday, March 20, 2005
posted by Yanks Todd |
2:36 PM
A naked day at the beach John and I planned to spend a day at the beach. John dared me to sunbath nude. This is not a private beach and can be pretty crowded. I said that I was willing but we would to wait and see how things went. We drove down early that morning. We parked and we walked down the beach away from the crowds. We walked at least a mile and found an area on the beach that did not have access for at least a 1/2 mile in either direction and seemed to be in the middle of between of the areas where most of the crowds were. The only ones we had to worry about were people walking up and down the beach. John set everything up as I undressed and took my bikini off. John stripped also and we went for a swim. we splashed around for awhile. A couple of people went by as we swam, but nobody noticed we were nude. After 20 or 30 minutes we got out of the water. I laid down on my stomach and asked John to put lotion on me. I laid there as John rub the lotion into me. With the sun and his hands massaging the oil in, I felt great. John spent a considerable amount of time on my butt. He knows playing with it gets me excited, so he was enjoying getting me worked up. He finished and put lotion on himself and laid down also. We laid out for awhile. A couple of guys walked by. They could see for sure that John was nude but could not see if I was for sure apparently. I heard one of them tell the other to go check it out. I just laid there pretending to be asleep. He walked up within about 10 feet or so then ran back down to his buddy and I heard him say that I was nude also. I watched them walk on down the beach and then cut up into the dunes. I knew that they were going to come back and try to spy on us. I told John about them and he said that he knew. He said that when we "caught" them, we would invite them to join us. I was concerned about this, considering we were pretty far away from crowd if something went wrong. I trust John completely and know that he would not put us into harm, but you never know about some people. John said that they seemed to be decent enough. After giving them time to get back to us, John told me to turn over. I did and John told me that he would put the lotion on me. I laid there with my eyes closed as John spread the lotion into my legs and began to move higher. Most of the time, John skips the "vitals" and lets me do it, unless I tell him to go ahead. When he got to the tops of my thighs, I told John to go ahead and spread the lotion. Knowing that we were being watched was a real turn on for me. John asked me if I was sure, and I nodded yes. John put lotion on my stomach and began to rub it in. As he moved lower, I opened my legs and he moved his hand between them and then moved to my chest. I protested that he did not put enough down there. John said he knew, but he wanted to tease me and them. John put lotion on my breasts and massaged the lotion into them and my shoulders. Every time he got to my breasts, he would give my nipples a little tug. I was loving every feeling that was washing over me as he did it. He was doing this and he yelled out that we knew they were in the dunes and to come on out. They started to take off and John hollered that it was okay. John said that they had stopped and appeared to be talking as he continued to play with my breasts and nipples. The guys decided to come over and walked up. John introduced himself and I. They gave us their names and John told them to have a seat. They were students at the University that is near where John lives and were spending the weekend on the beach. John said that it was nice of them to spy on people like that and they apologized for that. John started to rub lotion on me again. he again was paying particular attention to my breasts. The guys were having a very hard time speaking coherently as they watched John play with my breasts. The guys ( Jim & Daryl) were not trying to hide that they were staring at my body. John put more lotion on my stomach and began to rub it in. he moved down and I pulled my legs together. John gently pulled my legs apart, and I really did not resist. He ran his hand between my legs and touched me. When He did, I moaned out loud and raised my hips to push against his hand. He stroked his fingers back and forth over me and I pushed back, moving my hips up and down. I forgot that anyone was there, I was concentrating on the feelings that John was creating and was quickly losing control. John continued to use his hand and fingers on me until I climaxed as hard as I have ever had. John continued and I was quickly overcome again. John continued to run his hands over my body as I calmed down some. When I opened my eyes, I noticed that Jim & Daryl had moved down to by my feet to get a better view. I was so excited that I kept my legs open for them to look. ( I guess that makes me sound slutty, but I hope I was not.) I sat up and we all had a drink. I asked them about school and they told me about their courses and such. I walked down to the water to wash my hands off and came back and sat down. I had John lay down and I began to put lotion on him as we talked. I eventually took him into my hand and was stroking him as I talked. It was obvious that both of the guys were very uncomfortable in their suits. :) I started to stroke John and he started to get hard and grow in my hand. I just continued to stroke John and talk as if everything was normal. I could see that they both were wishing it was them I was stroking. I told them that I would not touch them or allow them to touch me but if they needed to relieve themselves that they could if they wanted. Neither of them made a move for a few minutes. I could see that they were both wanting to and trying to get up the nerve. John was getting close to finishing by now and I picked up my stroking. He exploded all over the place eventually and I used a towel to clean it up some. John recovered and sat up. I said that it was almost time for us to leave. John agreed and got up to get things together. I was sitting there, leaning back, talking to them when John came back and sat down. He started to stroke my legs and running his hands over my body as I sat there. When John reached between my legs again and started to stroke me again, I told Jim and Daryl that this was their last chance. Daryl stood and took off his suit and kneeled by me feet. I told Jim that he better hurry and make up his mind. He jumped up and dropped his suit. While Daryl was average in size, Jim was the biggest I have ever seen. I laid back and watched them play with themselves as John stroked back and forth between my legs. A huge orgasm overcame me as I watched them. Daryl came almost immediately afterward and Jim was still stroking away. Jim started to come and I had another monster as he did. I laid there totally exhausted. The guys put their suits on and said thank you and left while I recovered. John and I stayed for awhile longer then we did gather everything up and left.
posted by Yanks Todd |
9:38 AM
Friday, March 11, 2005
Watching Sis
I think I started masturbating, or at least trying to, when I was around 13 or so. I know that by the time I was in my mid 14s I was doing it pretty regularly. I remember, because that summer my parents were having work done on the house and I had to share a bedroom with my sister. Her bed was nearest the window and as it was a large house set in the country with no near neighbours, we would often sleep with the curtains and windows open.
I soon learned that moonlit nights allowed sufficient light for me to see and I would often feign sleep to watch her masturbate. She'd often glance in my direction to check I was asleep, but she never really caught me looking... lol. She'd bend and part her knees, making a tent over herself while she did it. Sometimes the duvet would fall off her shoulders and I'd be able to see her other hand playing with her nipples.
She made a good job of controlling herself during orgasm, but very occasionally when they must have been intense, she really struggled to remain quiet and not move around too much. I would control myself as best I could and would wait until she'd fallen to sleep, which she usually did pretty quickly after cumming. I'd then slip one hand under me and bring myself off.
There was one notable occasion in this time too. She had started dating a local boy and our parents would let her stay out later on Friday and Saturday. This one night, a Saturday I think, she came to bed having undressed in the bathroom as usual. I had come to know that these nights she'd usually do it to herself and was lying on my side, facing her bed, feigning sleep as normal and waiting for the fun to start.
True to form, after I had waited for several minutes I saw her bend and part her knees under the duvet. I saw the movement of her right hand go down to her. It wasn't the brightest of nights (unfortunately), but good enough to see nonetheless. However, unusually for her, I immediately noted that her movements seemed more urgent and faster than normal. She was certainly less cautious, with her glances towards me for example being minimal. Also, she didn't seem to be concerned that the duvet was moving and shaking as her hand worked away under it.
I sensed that she must have been really horny and aroused. That made me feel equally excited, so I was struggling to keep control and stay still. Also, her other hand was busy on her nipples and the movement had pushed the duvet down well below her breasts so I could see what she was doing. Her short nightie was fairly low cut and loose fitting so it was easy for her to get her hand to her breasts. She looked as if she was really squeezing and tugging at her right nipple with her left hand. She seemed to raise her head as if straining to get it as far off the pillow as possible and then I heard her gasping for breath.
I could vaguely see her mouth, which seemed to be wide open with her eyes screwed tight shut. As she came she slammed her knees together and the duvet started slipping to one side. As her orgasm finished I thought she'd settle down and go to sleep as usual, but oh no, I was in for a surprise. Instead, I saw her kick out with her left leg, presumably to try and re-straighten the duvet, but this didn't work. Instead she lowered both her legs flat onto the bed and then amazed me, as I saw that the duvet was still moving.
She was still playing with herself and her left hand was still busy on her nipple. I couldn't resist letting one hand slowly slip down to myself, as I realised she was going to try and cum again and without stopping from the first time. I could hear the duvet rustling slightly over her hand movements and I guess she realised that too, as she first glanced at me to check that I was still asleep, before kicking it to one side with her foot. Suddenly I could see her hand working at herself. Not clearly in real detail, but enough. Her short nightie had been lifted nearly to her waist and I could see her pubic hair, with her wrist resting on the lower part of her stomach, as her fingers bent and arched while working at herself. Her movements weren't really rapid, more rhythmic, but it was obvious when she started to get close, as I saw her hips start to move and her pelvis seem to thrust upwards. Her breathing also become very audible, taking on a sort of gasping form. As she came I faintly heard her saying something, but couldn't make out what, as the noise of my heart pounding in my chest seemed to deafen everything. Shamefully that summer, my sister's sexual activities formed a major part of my motivation to masturbate!
posted by Yanks Todd |
4:45 PM
Wednesday, March 09, 2005
posted by Yanks Todd |
8:51 AM
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
Courtesy of Yanks.com Paris is cumming, watch as she rides ever last pussy contraction out of her dildo. See the full video on yanks.com
posted by Yanks Todd |
3:17 PM
Courtesy of Yanks.com Paris is approaching a mind blowing orgasm. Her chest flushes with the impending orgasm
posted by Yanks Todd |
3:16 PM
Courtesy of Yanks.com Paris is approaching a mind blowing orgasm. Check out the red pubic hair on her pussy
posted by Yanks Todd |
3:15 PM
Courtesy of Yanks.com Paris is approaching a mind blowing orgasm.
posted by Yanks Todd |
3:15 PM
My very first orgasm experience by Gesa Masturbation has been a very frequent activity for me ever since I experienced my first orgasm about a month after turning 13. One of my female classmates described to a group of us exactly how to do it and how it felt. Needless to say I couldn't wait to get home and give it a try. After going to bed earlier than usual, I shut off the light, got under the covers, hiked up my nightie and experimented for about an hour without much progress. Even so, I was clearly having a LOT of fun. Things were getting a little hot under the comforter because it was early September, but I wanted to continue and see if something might happen. I pushed the covers aside, slid out of my nightie, and tossed it to the floor by the bed. Having only recently entered puberty, I could easily see my vulva by tipping my hips up a bit and I figured I'd turn on the light to get a better view of what I was doing. Dimming the light, I laid back in bed on top of the sheets, this time experiencing a whole new set of feelings and joyous freedom as the cool air blowing through the open window caressed my exposed, naked body. I savored those feelings for a few minutes before slowly spreading my legs. My pelvis tingled when the fresh air wafted over my crotch and newly emerging pubic hair. It felt incredibly sexy, much unlike anything I had experienced before. The whole situation was kind of risky too, since my parents don't believe in locks on bedroom doors. I ran my hands lightly over my body for a couple of minutes, and my heart rate jumped and my breathing deepened. Eventually I reached down between my legs again and was astounded to find that my inner and outer lips had moved away from each other and the entire center area was wet. A closer look down there revealed a wide-open column of dampness taking on a darker pink color, almost red. The bedroom gradually filled with the mild scent of my newly discovered womanhood. Once again I slid my hand back to my clitoris and vulva, fingers moving up and down and in circles. Everything was definitely feeling different now. At some point I realized my hand was moving faster as the minutes ticked on. The tingling and heaviness in my pelvis became close to unbearable as my heart raced and I panted heavily. I got a little scared and wondered if this was actually an orgasm or if I was hurting myself somehow. I would have stopped, but the girl at school said things would happen this way. Her advice was to just keep going and massaging myself no matter what. The muscles in my body tensed as I manipulated my clitoris with increasing speed and pressure, my entire arm cycling up and down all the way to the shoulder. My other hand wandered down to my vaginal opening and found a soft mound of twitching, warm flesh, dripping with lubrication. I moved two fingers of that hand lightly against the orifice, in synch with the other hand working my clit. This heightened the intensity to a new level and for the first time I began to realize this is what orga sms are all about, even though I had no idea of what was about to happen. Instinctively I removed the one hand from my vaginal opening and quickened the action on my clitoris with the other while applying more pressure, really concentrating on that single erect organ of sensitive tissue sticking out from my crotch. Just as it seemed the feelings could not become any more intense, everything broke loose all at once. My nipples hardened and pointed outward toward the ceiling. My buttock and hip muscles flexed in a manner that spread my legs apart so the sides of my knees practically touched the bed covers below. My back arched and I raised my butt slightly off the bed. An intense combination of warmth and electricity enveloped me, as the whole area between my hips seemed to fill up and was about to explode. I started hyperventilating. This was IT, I thought, while a big smile went across my face. I moaned and my eyes slowly closed because I wanted to feel every sensation of the moment while my arm and hand moved as a single unit with only one purpose in mind. I was truly finding out what an orgasm feels like, or so I thought. But even this didn't prepare me for what happened next. Totally without warning or any anticipation on my part, my heart began slamming away, each beat visibly moving my chest along with an audible rush of blood pumping through the vessels in my ears. My whole body went rigid and straight as a board. Only my feet, shoulders and head were in contact with the mattress -- everything in between was up off the bed and my butt cheeks hovered about a foot in the air. My rib cage expanded with every labored gasp and I shrieked when convulsions gripped my pelvic region and quickly traveled outward to rock my entire being. Hips bucking uncontrollably with each contraction, I shot a few drops of some clear fluid which landed on my inner right thigh about halfway to the knee and dripped down to the back of my leg. I did not want it to end. My arm stroked frantically and the convulsions kept up for what must have been over a minute.
The bed shook with each violent hip thrust and there was a good amount of moaning coming from deep within my throat. I didn't worry too much about who might hear me and assumed everyone was asleep or watching television. Of course, the contractions finally weakened as my orgasm subsided. I lay there in a sweating heap, panting, marveling at what just happened. I was totally overcome by a mix of exhaustion and exhilaration. A voice on the other side of the door startled me. "Gesa, are you all right?" Oh God! My mother heard me! I sprang up, sitting on the edge of the bed. "Uh, yeah Mom! I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm fine." I was light-headed and still seeing stars when the doorknob moved. I hopped up and threw myself against the door. "Everything's fine Mom, you don't have to come in!" She said okay and walked back to her room. That was way too close, and it really scared me. No more masturbating, I thought as I shut off the light. It isn't worth it. My mother would die if she found out, and I would too. I stumbled back to my bed, collapsed onto it, and immediately fell asleep naked.
posted by Yanks Todd |
2:58 PM
My very first orgasm experience by Gesa Masturbation has been a very frequent activity for me ever since I experienced my first orgasm about a month after turning 13. One of my female classmates described to a group of us exactly how to do it and how it felt. Needless to say I couldn't wait to get home and give it a try. After going to bed earlier than usual, I shut off the light, got under the covers, hiked up my nightie and experimented for about an hour without much progress. Even so, I was clearly having a LOT of fun. Things were getting a little hot under the comforter because it was early September, but I wanted to continue and see if something might happen. I pushed the covers aside, slid out of my nightie, and tossed it to the floor by the bed. Having only recently entered puberty, I could easily see my vulva by tipping my hips up a bit and I figured I'd turn on the light to get a better view of what I was doing. Dimming the light, I laid back in bed on top of the sheets, this time experiencing a whole new set of feelings and joyous freedom as the cool air blowing through the open window caressed my exposed, naked body. I savored those feelings for a few minutes before slowly spreading my legs. My pelvis tingled when the fresh air wafted over my crotch and newly emerging pubic hair. It felt incredibly sexy, much unlike anything I had experienced before. The whole situation was kind of risky too, since my parents don't believe in locks on bedroom doors. I ran my hands lightly over my body for a couple of minutes, and my heart rate jumped and my breathing deepened. Eventually I reached down between my legs again and was astounded to find that my inner and outer lips had moved away from each other and the entire center area was wet. A closer look down there revealed a wide-open column of dampness taking on a darker pink color, almost red. The bedroom gradually filled with the mild scent of my newly discovered womanhood. Once again I slid my hand back to my clitoris and vulva, fingers moving up and down and in circles. Everything was definitely feeling different now. At some point I realized my hand was moving faster as the minutes ticked on. The tingling and heaviness in my pelvis became close to unbearable as my heart raced and I panted heavily. I got a little scared and wondered if this was actually an orgasm or if I was hurting myself somehow. I would have stopped, but the girl at school said things would happen this way. Her advice was to just keep going and massaging myself no matter what. The muscles in my body tensed as I manipulated my clitoris with increasing speed and pressure, my entire arm cycling up and down all the way to the shoulder. My other hand wandered down to my vaginal opening and found a soft mound of twitching, warm flesh, dripping with lubrication. I moved two fingers of that hand lightly against the orifice, in synch with the other hand working my clit. This heightened the intensity to a new level and for the first time I began to realize this is what orga sms are all about, even though I had no idea of what was about to happen. Instinctively I removed the one hand from my vaginal opening and quickened the action on my clitoris with the other while applying more pressure, really concentrating on that single erect organ of sensitive tissue sticking out from my crotch. Just as it seemed the feelings could not become any more intense, everything broke loose all at once. My nipples hardened and pointed outward toward the ceiling. My buttock and hip muscles flexed in a manner that spread my legs apart so the sides of my knees practically touched the bed covers below. My back arched and I raised my butt slightly off the bed. An intense combination of warmth and electricity enveloped me, as the whole area between my hips seemed to fill up and was about to explode. I started hyperventilating. This was IT, I thought, while a big smile went across my face. I moaned and my eyes slowly closed because I wanted to feel every sensation of the moment while my arm and hand moved as a single unit with only one purpose in mind. I was truly finding out what an orgasm feels like, or so I thought. But even this didn't prepare me for what happened next. Totally without warning or any anticipation on my part, my heart began slamming away, each beat visibly moving my chest along with an audible rush of blood pumping through the vessels in my ears. My whole body went rigid and straight as a board. Only my feet, shoulders and head were in contact with the mattress -- everything in between was up off the bed and my butt cheeks hovered about a foot in the air. My rib cage expanded with every labored gasp and I shrieked when convulsions gripped my pelvic region and quickly traveled outward to rock my entire being. Hips bucking uncontrollably with each contraction, I shot a few drops of some clear fluid which landed on my inner right thigh about halfway to the knee and dripped down to the back of my leg. I did not want it to end. My arm stroked frantically and the convulsions kept up for what must have been over a minute.
The bed shook with each violent hip thrust and there was a good amount of moaning coming from deep within my throat. I didn't worry too much about who might hear me and assumed everyone was asleep or watching television. Of course, the contractions finally weakened as my orgasm subsided. I lay there in a sweating heap, panting, marveling at what just happened. I was totally overcome by a mix of exhaustion and exhilaration. A voice on the other side of the door startled me. "Gesa, are you all right?" Oh God! My mother heard me! I sprang up, sitting on the edge of the bed. "Uh, yeah Mom! I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm fine." I was light-headed and still seeing stars when the doorknob moved. I hopped up and threw myself against the door. "Everything's fine Mom, you don't have to come in!" She said okay and walked back to her room. That was way too close, and it really scared me. No more masturbating, I thought as I shut off the light. It isn't worth it. My mother would die if she found out, and I would too. I stumbled back to my bed, collapsed onto it, and immediately fell asleep naked.
posted by Yanks Todd |
2:55 PM
The Parking Lot by Anonymous I wanted to share an amazing experience that I recently had while waiting for my friend in the parking lot of a grocery store. I was sitting in the passenger's seat of my friend's SUV while she went in to pick up a few things for dinner, and happened to look over to see a guy sitting in the driver's seat of the car next to mine. The first thing I noticed is that he was reading a porn magazine - I got a flash of bare tits and crotch when I first glanced quickly. Intrigued, I looked a bit more, and from my higher position, I was able to see that he had his fly open and was stroking his big thing right there in the parking lot! At first, I was so shocked, I turned my head away quickly, like I had been scolded. I wasn't sure if he was some kind of pervert, or if he was just passing the time pleasantly, but it frightened me to see him just sitting there with his cock exposed to the world. In spite of myself, however, I started to get hot thinking about him, and wanted to see how far he would get. I felt my pulse racing, and my crotch throbbing. Working up the courage, I looked over at him, hoping he wouldn't see me. He was working his big cock up and down, periodically moistening his hand with saliva. I could see how excited he was by how stiff he was and how quickly he was rubbing, and I was afraid he would come too quickly and spoil the moment. I was getting so excited, my breath was becoming shallow and my nipples were standing out, rubbing against my bra. I stuck my hand up under my sweatshirt to masssage my breast and squeeze my nipple, while my other hand loosened the drawstring on my sweatpants, allowing me to slip my hand inside of my underwear. Once I was able to tear my eyes away from his gorgeous, throbbing knob, I saw that he had indeed seen me, and was taking some pleasure in my audience. Afraid that he'd shoot off before I had a chance to get ready, I mouthed to him to "wait," which brought a big smile to his face. I leaned over and grabbed the first thing I found in my purse, a thick marking pen, to jab into my throbbing, wet pussy. It had some square corners on the bottom, which hurt a bit going in, but were amazingly stimulating once inside. I looked up and saw the head of his cock getting more purple and his face contorting and knew that his time was up, so I watched carefully as he shot white cum all over the magazine and steering wheel, while I frantically pumped my pussy with the marker. Breathless, but still aware, I glanced in the side view mirror only to see my friend returning to the car, so I pulled my hand out of my pants and left the marker in my snatch. I was afraid that my hands would smell too much like pussy, so I sat on my right hand, which allowed me to jiggle the marker back and forth as she drove. Once we got back to her house, I carefully got out of the car, pulling my underwear up tightly to keep the marker in place, and excused myself to go to the restroom where I finished myself off on the bathroom floor. That was the most incredible thing I have ever seen, and the single best orgasm I have ever had. I think the image of his smiling face and spurting cock will be seared in my memory for quite a while, and I hope it keeps me as horny in the future as I am now!
posted by Yanks Todd |
12:41 AM
links
Websites
Yanks.com
BilliesBitches.com
The-Female-Orgasm.com
Solonation.com
Clubstroke.net
Masturbationpage.com
FemaleOrgasmWorld.com
Female
Ejaculation
Orgasm-Clips.com
BritishOrgasms.com
High
Rez Orgasm Clips
Pay
Per Min. Mast Videos
Masturbation VHS/DVDs
Yanksstore.com
Masturbation Torrents
Prontorrent.com
Masturbation Pics and Vids
Snatchpatch.net (pics)
Free Real Orgasm (vids)
Masturbation Yahoo Groups
Solonation
Solonation
II
Solonation
III
Google Groups
Female
Orgasms
Amateur
Masturbation
Masturbation
Teen Girls
Teen
Masturbation
Real Orgasms
Blogs
Clubstroke
Masterbation
Solonation
Audio-Orgasms
Masturbation-Pics
Masturbation Chats
Gay/Bi
Straight
Masturbation Forums
Gay/Bi
Straight
Adult XXX Bookmarks1000's of free porn sitesMasturbation
Link Fabulous
Groovy
Free Porn
HOT SEX SITES
Amateur sex Links
Find
Free
Porn
At Adult Link Post
Hot
Erotic
Stories
Powered by TagBoard Message Board
Name
URL or Email
Messages(smilies)
archives