https://www.aussieropeworks.com
Aussie Bondage
Aussie Bondage for your viewing
pleasure at:
Aussie Rope Works . Com
Teens -
Strappados -
Suspensions -
Hogties -
Schoolgirl
Series -
Ball & Muzzle Gags -
Hair Bondage
For your information.........
This website contains depictions of women
engaging in bondage
activities, and is suitable only for
those people interested in viewing such
material. As a
result of the subject matter and nature of bondage, there may be
images contained showing
nudity, sexual activity, and
other activity very much not suitable for minors to view. This site is for
adults only!! Only
those people who are over the age of 18, or are at an adult
age in their local jurisdiction are to proceed beyond this
point. Failure to comply with this could result
in you committing a criminal offence
in the county you are viewing this site in.
By proceeding, you
acknowledge that you are of
a suitable age to view this material, you are not obtaining material
from this site
on behalf of a minor, and that
by looking at this site you are not contravening local laws.
(If you can still read this, you have very good
eyesight!!)
Keep minors out of places they
shouldn't be!! If you can't stop, get a filtering program to protect them!!
SurfWatch - Net Nanny -
Cybersitter -
Cyber Patrol -
Internet Watchdog -
Kiddonet
Just click on one of the links to go to
their respective sites
I Agree!!!
Get
me outta here!!
All models shown on this site were 18 years of age or older
at time of shooting.
This website is a work of
fiction and fantasy. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is purely
coincidental.If you
don't realize the difference between reality and fantasy then you shouldn't be
here. This website is all about fantasy,
involving consenting adults. The story lines and
situations depicted should not be attributed to a persons personal beliefs or
interests.
Oh yeah, one more thing folks. These
pictures are for your own personal use!!! What does that mean? It means
that these pictures remain the property of me, and any UN-AUTHORIZED use
of them, such as putting them on your own web site, or downloading them
all and popping them on a news site just isn't the done thing. Above all
else, it just isn't plain nice!!! So come on, be a pal, do the right
thing!
All material on this site
is Copyright (C) 2002 - 2014 - JBC Productions - Australian Rope Works.
--- Any un-authorized copying, publishing,
distribution prohibited unless authorized by the publisher/copyright
holder. ---