https://www.australianportraits.com
Cecelia's Australian Phone Psychics, Tarot Readings, Clairvoyants
AustraliaAustraliaCanadaInternationalUnited States
Home
Our Psychics
Phone Readings
Text Readings
Email Readings
Blog
Customer Service
We invite you to experience a sense of spiritual clarity, get in touch with your own individual voice and the true intentions of your heart.
Phone Reading1300 784 584Billed to your credit card.Billed to your credit card as "Cecelia Pty Ltd". Customers must be 18 or over.
CALL NOW!From $3.30 / min inc GST.
Phone Reading1902 280 065Billed to your phone account.Billed to your phone account. Charges may be higher from pay/mobile phones. Carriage fees may apply. Customers must be 18 or over.
CALL NOW!$4.62 / min inc GST.
Text Reading197 22220Billed to your phone account.
Billed to your phone account. Text 'Cecelia' followed by your day & month of birth and question. Customers must be 18 or over.
TEXT NOW!$4.00 / msg sent in inc GST.
Welcome to Cecelia’s Psychics
Hello and welcome to Cecelia’s Psychics. It is our mission to provide spiritually accurate and source-based readings that enlighten and assist you on your journey. We have gifted and compassionate psychics blessed with abilities to read into past and present events guiding and advising you. My readers are chosen for their authentic abilities and their genuine desire to help you. They can provide solutions to everyday issues and problems, which sometimes appear insurmountable. Find out how your life can really change for the better by connecting with a live psychic via Phone, SMS Text, or Email.If you are new to Psychic Readings you can read my Blog about what to expect and you may find our Glossary helpful. You can also review our Frequently Asked Questions or browse some of the Links we like. Please stop by our Testimonials page to read the lovely things our clients have to say.We will do our very best to empower you with deep insight and sage advice relevant to both your inner and outer worlds. Should Spirit inspire you to seek a reading we would be honoured to assist you in your quest for understanding and healing. Remember, a peaceful world begins with the light, the love and the energy inside every one of us. Many blessings on your day, Cecelia
Our Psychics
Avana00431Available now
Jo00480Available now
Leola00180Available now
Suzie-Lee00428On a call
Cecelia00468Taking a break
See all psychics >
Helpful Links
Home
About Cecelia
Blog
Our Psychics
Phone Readings
Text Readings
Email Readings
Customer Service
FAQ
Testimonials
Psychic Glossary
Links
Work With Cecelia
Contact Us
Customer Service
1300 852 854
9:00am - 5:00pm, Mon-Fri ACST
Service Provider: Info Voice Pty Ltd
Connect With Us
Terms & ConditionsDisclaimerPrivacy Policy
© 2016 Cecelia Pty Ltd