https://www.austinboundbutnotfound.blogspot.com
Austin's Wonderland
Austin's Wonderland
About Me
Name:
Austin's Wonderland
Location:
Austin, Texas, United States
I am still trying to figure the "about me" questions out....
View my complete profile
Previous Posts
What's new
Cheat
That's that boggie that's the jam.....
Happily Ever New Yorker
Choices
Manic Monday
With the new season of Sopranos coming up I thoug...
And the winner is....
Archives
August 2005
September 2005
October 2005
November 2005
December 2005
January 2006
February 2006
March 2006
April 2006
May 2006
Monday, May 22, 2006
What's new
It has been so long that it actually took me a minute to figure out how to post again. So the new things in my life I suppose consist of the new job which I am enjoying the slow pace and PJ wearing atmosphere. The other big deal in my life is a recent break-up, but each day seems to get a little easier and then of course I have those Sunday afternoons that I dwell on the past for a few hours. I have been staying to freaking busy lately and that truely seems to help. Let's see this weekend started on Thur when my best gal and I went to watch an Austin local funk/jazzy kind of band and drank cheap tap beer. It was a great start to my third "single weekend". Friday I took out a neighboor friend next to my mom that had just moved to TX from Colorado after college that thought we were a bunch of rednecks so I took him downtown and he was shocked. He could not believe all the singles in one spot. I must mention that he is about 6'9 so everyone thought he was a famous BB player and we got stares all night. Super fun times. Saturday I laid out w/ the roomie and then went with my step mom for X-rated Mojitos before we attend a play in Spanish on the East side. After the play we met the play members at Fabric (gay bar) for a B-day party. It was truely a blast and the boys were just so cute gushing out relationship issues like I have a clue on what to do or say...Sunday I laid out again and then returned back to bed for some down time w/ my Sex and the City DVDs. Soon after 4 hours passed and I realized that I was at risk of having a sad spell so I went to a buddies house and watch Desperate Housewives. Got home about 10:30 and talked w/ the roomie so more about men and relationships and what the hell it is that I am going to do about my situation. See the break-up was not straight forward and the confusion has only gotten as worse as we have cheated the break and seen eachother and spoken a few times. I am getting to the point now that I know every thing will be fine regardless of the out come. I am still not into meeting new boys, but I did flirt this weekend and it felt great, but I fled the scene when my digits were requested...more later I have to break...
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 11:59 AM
12 comments
Thursday, April 13, 2006
Cheat
In case anyone out there still visits this spot I am alive and well. I am trying to finish this semester while adjusting to a new job. All is well and I will eventually add more!
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 10:41 AM
7 comments
Tuesday, March 07, 2006
That's that boggie that's the jam.....
I have been such a terrible bloget lately, that I considered just doing away with it all togethr. Let's see what is new in my life...I am pretty happy today besides the murky white sky the temperature is pretty swell. The boy and I really like each other right now and I can only hope that perhaps we are getting over all the small stuff that we had been bickering about. I think that if its not here yet then it's at least around the corner. School is well school is what it is and that is time consuming and tiring but luckily Spring Break is next week and I will at least have my evening to myself. I can't help but dream about when this long journey will come to a close for me. As far as the party scene I did manage to go to up my second titty bar on Friday night. This dumbfounding place was called the Yellow Rose and although I felt like a nun at first I truely ended up having a wonderful time. One of the guys drueling at our table let me pick the girl to give him a dance...how very kind and gentlemen like he was, but really it was fun and the weird part was that I was not with the boy that night. What else work is okay. I finally went on an interview and I am hopefully waiting for contact from that company. It's about 30 hours a week and a couple more thousand a year. Almost like I am finally getting a break. I have already purchased a new bathing suit for this weekend as the Texas days are starting to reach the 80's. I can hardly wait for those sun filled weekends to arrive. It seems like there is always something to do outside when it's hot. Then again I have probably subconsciuosly blocked those sweaty days out. Wells that's all for now...
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 2:27 PM
7 comments
Wednesday, March 01, 2006
Happily Ever New Yorker
I just loved the wrap-up last night...Although I had seen this before it was just as emotional as the first time...my favorite parts:Big passes Carrie in a car as she runs off to her party that no longer existedCarrie finds her "Carrie" necklace as well as her self in the Russians museum as he ignores herBig finds Carrie on the floor and at that moment she looks up and sees him with comfort rather then being surprisedWhen Carrie trips Big on his way up the stairs to knock the Russian outOf course saving the best for last....Carrie surprises the girls at lunch time without warning them she has returned to NY.........ahhhh
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 9:08 AM
5 comments
Tuesday, February 28, 2006
Choices
I am coming to a close with one of my fabulous Christmas presents, The Sex in the City Set. I currently have one more episode left and although I know what is to come I can't wait! I had to call it quits while Carrie is in Paris with the Russian. It made me wonder...would I ever leave everthing that I know and love including my dear friends and city or area that I know so well to start a whole new life with someone else? If this opportunity arose would I be able to do it?
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 8:56 AM
7 comments
Monday, February 27, 2006
Manic Monday
Well it's Monday already, but for some odd reason I don't mind all that much. I think that from now on I will stop getting the Monday Blues and just except what destiny has dealt me. Besides the fact that I am embarressingly underpaid my job is really not all that bad and I happen to like the people/family that I spend most of my waking hours with here at the office. As for tonight so what that I have class and so what that I have to go tomorrow night the next and another one until I can have an evening off. I suppose I should be gratful that I have the opportunity to attend. It all ties together at this point....low paying job + more schooling = more dinero and more respect. That is enough inspiration for me to drag my butt there everyday. As for the other stuff I am greatful for the people in my life. I am happy in that aspect and while I don't always feel like I get to enjoy that during the week it is there. So cheers to having a great Monday Fun Day!
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 8:54 AM
3 comments
Thursday, February 23, 2006
With the new season of Sopranos coming up I thought I might freshen up on my mafia talk. A friend of ours: mob shorthand for introducing one made guy to another made guy. "A friend of mine" is just another jamook on the street.A trippa di zianata: "your aunt's tripe." Action: a bet that a bookie "writes" and for which you pay him his "vig."Administration: the top-level "management" of an organized crime Family—the boss, underboss, and consigliere. Agita: anxiety, edginess, an upset stomach.Anti-Trust Violations: what authorities call the mob practice of carving out exclusive territories. Wiseguys call them "mine."Associate: one who works with mobsters, but hasn't been asked to take the vow of Omertá; an almost confirmed, or made guy.The Books: a phrase indicating membership in the Family. If there is a possibility for promotion, then the books are open. If not, the books are closed.Borgata: an organized crime Family. Boss: the head of the Family who runs the show. He decides who gets made and who gets whacked. The boss also gets points from all Family business; also see don, chairman.Buon' anima: salutation meaning rest his soul. Buttlegging: bootlegging untaxed cigarettes.Cafone: a peasant or lower-class.Capo: the Family member who leads a crew; short for capodecina.Cazzis: see Stugots.Che bruta: How ugly you are. Che peccato: what a pity, what a shame.Chiacchierone: chatterbox.Clip: to murder; also whack, hit, pop, burn, put a contract out.Code of silence: not ratting on your colleagues once you've been pinched—no longer a strong virtue in organized crime families. Also see Omertá. Col tempo la foglia di gelso diventa seta: old Italian saying meaning, "Time and patience change the mulberry leaf to satin.Comare (also goomah, goomar, or gomatta): slang for girlfriend or mistress. No self-respecting wiseguy is without one. Come heavy: to walk in carrying a loaded gun. You shouldn't have lunch with a Russian drug dealer unless you "come heavy."Confirm: to be made; see made guy.Consigliere: a trusted Family advisor, who is always consulted before decisions are made. See Tom Hagen in The Godfather.Crank: speed; in particular, crystal meth.Crew: the group of soldiers under the capo's command. Cugine: a young soldier striving to be made.CW: FBI shorthand for Co-operating Witness.Don: the head of the Family; see boss.Eat alone: to keep for one's self; to be greedy.Executive Game: a special-event card game for celebrities and other high-rollers.Facia bruta: ugly face, something you call someone you don't like.Family: an organized crime clan, like the Genoveses, the Gottis, or the Sopranos.Fanook, or Finook: derived from "finocchio" or fennel, a derogatory term for homsexual or gay, i.e., people that wiseguys feel nervous around. A "mezzofinook" is half gay, sissy, bi.Forbidden Fruit: the lure of a wiseguy to a nice Italian girl from the neighborhood. G: a grand; a thousand dollars; also see large.Gabagool: (capo cuoll) something to eat.Gira diment: going crazy.Golden Age: The days before RICO. Goomah (sometimes pronounced "goomar"): a Mafia mistress; also comare.Guests of the state or Guests of the government: going to prison, doing time.Hit: to murder; also see whack.In the wind: after you leave the Witness protection program you are "in the wind," meaning you're on your own somewhere out there.Jamook: idiot, loser, lamebrained, you know, a jamook.Juice: the interest paid to a loanshark for the loan; also see vig.Lam: To lay low, go into hiding.Large: a thousand, a grand, a G.LCN: FBI talk for la Cosa Nostra, or translated, "Our Thing."Made guy: an indoctrinated member of the Family. Essentially, you pledge your allegiance to the boss and the family for life. To even qualify, your mother has to be Italian.Madonn': Madonna, common expression meaning holy smoke, holy cow, holy shit.Mannagge: going to war with a rival clan or family.Message job: placing the bullet in someone's body such that a specific message is sent to that person's crew or family; see through the eye, and through the mouth. Mezza morta: half-dead.The Mob: a single organized crime family; OR all organized crime families together.Mobbed up: connected to the mob.Mobster: one who is in the mob. Mock execution: to whip someone into shape by frightening the shit out of them.Moe Green Special: Getting killed with a shot in the eye, like the character, Moe Green, in The Godfather. One form of "sending a message." Mortadella: derived from the Italian sausage, meaning a loser. As in "Guy's a fuckin' mortadella."
posted by Austin's Wonderland @ 8:47 AM
3 comments
www.flickr.com
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from austinswonderland. Make your own badge here.
Kool Kids
Serenity Now
Mat in Truce
I'm not touching you
Charleston Jenerator
Psycho
Doin'it Blogystyle
Wendy
Mark's Planet
Slutbag
Vixen
ACTION!
AlcoholicNotes
Mindsprawl
Texas Fire Sports