https://www.avaxxx.com
Ava Uncensored
Ava Uncensored
I've spent a lot of my life on my back...here's what I've been doing with the time.
About the author
A midwestern girl with a voracious appetite for the pleasures of the flesh.
The stories contained here are all mine and all true -- I love sex and I love sharing my stories. If you want to share yours, feel free to send them in.
The pictures are not mine and do not depict me. They do, however, depict the spirit of the stories they illustrate.
This is obviously not safe for work and not intended for readers under age 18. It is for adults only.
If you are an adult enjoying this site, I'd love to hear from you.
Ask me anything
Search
Blog Tools
Archive
RSS
Likes
Photo via sneakpeakingPhoto via sneakpeaking
Photo via genophobi4Photo via genophobi4
Photo via classicpornLeslie Bianchini (1969)Photo via classicporn
Photo via olderoticartPhoto via olderoticart
Photo via pr0ncache
scrushingball:
www.hotelfemdom.com
Photo via pr0ncache
69 notes
March 6, 2012
facialsandcumshots:
fucking hot chick
148 notes
March 6, 2012
(Source: mannett)
75 notes
March 6, 2012
snusnucorner:
It’s a pity not all girls can manage this.
24 notes
March 6, 2012
(Source: femalesappreciated)
42 notes
March 6, 2012
(Source: sex-all-day)
539 notes
March 6, 2012
(Source: sex-all-day)
8 notes
March 6, 2012
Last night
Last night I got a booty call from my favorite FWB. The thing about his booty calls is that I know he just wants his dick sucked – and it makes me so hot. No one makes me wetter or more aroused, and I love sucking him dry. It usually takes about three orgasms satisfy him.
I got to his house and we started kissing – that’s the other thing, he is honestly the best kisser ever in my life, and I’ve kissed a lot of people. He peeled my tight sweater off, then my bra. Between deep, probing kisses, he started sucking my nipples. They were hard, and I begged him to bite them. As soon as his teeth clamped around one, I felt the shock waves on the tip of my clit. He went back and forth, burying is face in my breasts, biting and sucking. My hand worked his cock, massaging him and getting him ready for my mouth.
Finally, he puts his hand on the top of my head and guides me down to his cock. Usually I don’t like this, but when he does it, it’s the hottest, sexiest thing in the world. I dive down onto his cock, immediately taking it all the way to the back of my throat, gagging as he fills me but desperate to have all of him inside my mouth.
The first time he comes, it’s straight down my throat. I gulp it down but keep my mouth on him. Sucking hungrily until the last of it comes out, I then slow down and soften my mouth around him. He deflates a little, but is still thick in my mouth. He pets my hair and talks to me while I bring his cock back to life. He hold my head tight against his body while he starts to grow again, and I feel his cock pushing against the back of my mouth. This time, his hands guide my pace and he tells me what to do with my tongue and my mouth. He pulls me up to him again and we kiss some more. His fingers twist and pinch my nipples and I feel my pussy gushing into my tights, even starting to soak my thighs. I squirm while he plays with my mouth and my breasts, and I go back down to his cock, sucking harder and bobbing my head. He loves when I deep throat him and then drag my tongue across the top of his balls – so I do it over and over again until he’s shaking. I pull back and he shoots across my breasts and asks me to lick it off.
I bend my  neck and start to lap his cum from my tits, making sure that he watches as I suck my own hard nipples. He’s already playing with himself again. I lick off as much as I can, then put my mouth back on his perfectly shaped cock for the last round.
He’s a lot slower this time, with more breaks for kissing and playing with my breasts, which are now sticky with his cum. We talk quietly to each other and he tells me how beautiful I am when I’m covered in his cum, and how much he likes to watch my mouth slide over his shaft. I tell him that I love to suck his cock, and that I think about it all day long on the days when we decide to meet. We kiss some more, he starts talking dirty and guides my mouth back down. I suck for a long time, hard then soft, deep then just the head. I know what he likes, and his body is so responsive.
He’s hard as a rock, and I’m having little waves of orgasmy feelings while he caresses me and thrusts into my mouth. Finally he gently pushes me back, stands up over me and jerks his final load all over my face. I keep my eyes open to watch him shoot, and he puts his cock back in my mouth so I can clean him off. My mouth is gentle around him, and my tongue caresses him until he falls back onto his couch.
We kiss a while more. Then I put my bra into my purse and slip my sweater back on. I’m out the door and on my way home, soaking wet but so fulfilled.
118 notes
March 6, 2012
I love a well-shaped cock.(Source: nlscentofawoman, via fuckmeimwet-deactivated20120612)
204 notes
March 6, 2012
(Source: analcumslut, via skinnyarmsbigtits-deactivated20)
200 notes
March 5, 2012
(Source: iddoherinanewyorkminute, via pr0ncache)
1,834 notes
March 5, 2012
(via sexy-hot-freak)
3 notes
March 5, 2012
Ft. Lauderdale
A few weeks ago, I was at a work event in Fort Lauderdale. I was tired of hanging around the people I was at the conference with, so I went into town and found a place to have dinner by myself. I sat down at the bar for a glass of wine to relax and a couple sat down next to me. I was kind of surprised because it was fairly early in the evening. We were chatting, and they invited me to have dinner with them. I agreed.
We sat down at our table and ordered another bottle of wine. Conversation was normal. Until the next bottle of wine. The woman of the couple and I went to the ladies room, and the minute the door closed, she was all over me. I responded enthusiastically, kissing her back and running my hands under the hem of her short skirt. The door swung open and we jumped apart, blushing. My panties were soaked.
Back at the table, we all three got drunk as she filled her husband in on how my body felt and how I kissed. He put my hand on his cock, and it was clear he was ready for anything. We finished dinner with a bottle of champagne and hopped in a taxi to the Four Seasons, where they were staying. We waited for room service to bring up another bottle and changed into bathrobes. By the time the knock came at the door, she and I were deep into each other’s bodies and scrambled to cover ourselves. The waiter only smiled discretely and left quickly.
She went down on my first – her tongue went everywhere inside of me while I turned my head to suck her husband’s cock. He slid in and out of my mouth, almost gagging me when she made me cum on her face. He pushed her out of the way and got on top of me, fucking me hard. I came again, and he stayed inside of me, asking if I would let his wife sit on my face. She straddled me and I licked her clit as her pussy dripped into my mouth. She came hard and asked if I’d watch the two of them fuck.
I sat across the room on one of the club chairs as she mounted him, her firm, silicone breasts sitting high and bouncing as she rode him.  He kept slapping her ass and calling her a slut. I couldn’t get enough fingers inside my pussy to satisfy myself as they fucked. She told him how my pussy tasted and how much she liked eating me. He talked about sticking his cock inside me. She was riding in a frenzy, he was pinching and biting her nipples and slapping her ass. I could hardly breathe.
Suddenly he groaned – so loudly I was worried he might be hurt. She rolled off his body and lay on her back. He went down on her, licking the cum from between her legs. He got up to go into the shower, and she called me back to the bed. We kissed and touched, she went down on me again and ate me through wave after wave of orgasm. Then I asked to go down on her.
She laid back on the pillow and I opened her legs, tasting the bitterness of his cum on her lips, mixing with her juices. I closed my eyes and kept licking – and I felt his hard cock slide into me from behind. I just rode the rhythm between the two of them until I couldn’t take it anymore.
We fell asleep – and I woke up as they were still entangled. Slipped my clothing on and cabbed back to my hotel, exhausted and relaxed.
1,046 notes
October 9, 2011
(via horneyhoneys-o)
Filed under tits girl beautiful amateur
369 notes
September 25, 2011
Seriously, guys…do you know fucking hot this is? When your girl asks for it, find a way to make it happen!(Source: analaddict, via doppiapenetrazione)
Filed under double anal
589 notes
September 25, 2011
This is probably my hottest fantasy right now – 3 or 4 guys all fucking me in any variation. I’ve been trying to find guys who will do it, but I can’t put it together. Funny how guys are ALWAYS ready to watch me eat pussy, but they can’t do this for me!(via doppiapenetrazione)
Next page
Page 1 of 14
We love Tumblr & Stationery by Thijs