https://www.aviewintothelife.blogspot.com
A View Into the Life
A View Into the Life
My life in pictures, stories, paintings, and words.
I need to express myself in all areas of art and creativity. This is simply another outlet for me to do so.
Wednesday, May 30, 2007
Delos
Delos is the birthplace of Apollo. During the Hellenistic period the city was a major port of trade both in terms of goods and slaves. The city had no planning in terms of building or population control, thus is suffered from poor planning and over-crowding. At its height over 30,000 people lived there. The architecture of the homes and buildings started in Delos and then was copied in parts of Italy and Pompeii. The houses were made of granite, mud, and stone and the main source of light came from oil lamps, candles, and the homes also had no roofs.The theater of DelosThe museum of DelosYep, it's a giant penis.Yep, it's an alter to the almighty penis.
posted by Party Girl at 7:01 AM
8 comments
Mykonos
The pelican who joined me for lunch.He was -- that close to me. Take your thumb and your index finger and pretend your holding a kernel of corn and that's how close he was to me. We were nose to beak.He's finished with me.The streets and sidewalks of MykonosAphrodite's breasts. (They're kinda big. She must of had a boob job.)The monostary of Mykonos. Camera flashes aren't allowed inside the church, thus the blur of the pictures.
posted by Party Girl at 6:59 AM
2 comments
Greece
posted by Party Girl at 6:57 AM
0 comments
Santorini: Fira
Fira is the capitol of Santorini. My hotel was in the town of Kamari, which was about ten miles from the major hub.My hotel, the Plaza. A tad different than the one in New York. My room was at the far left...the one away from all of the other rooms. Not sure why...A church just down the road from the hotelThe streets of Santorini are essentially made of volcanic rock protruding from concrete. Pretty, but not easy or comfortable to walk on.
posted by Party Girl at 6:55 AM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
Party Girl
Location:
Your City, Your State, United States
I am perpetually perky always optimistic yet slightly cynical. I am incredibly honest. I am honest, open, judgment free, and most importantly - honest. I'm a dork. I'm creative. I love trivia. I always have gum. I talk with my hands. I make faces at people. I'm sarcastic as hell. I adore vodka. And Beer. And wine. If it's fermented, I am probably a fan. I believe in laughing as often as possible. I am the girl next door. I am quick with a wink and a smile and a good laugh. Don't be hateful. This is my world, you're just visiting. I appreciate you stopping by.
View my complete profile
Links
Google News
Edit-Me
Edit-Me
Previous Posts
Delos
Mykonos
Greece
Santorini: Fira
Santorini: The volcano hike and boat cruise
Athens: Zeus' Temple
Athens: The Acropolis
Athens: The Streets of the Palka
Athens: Archaeological Museum
Athens: Lunch in the Palka
Archives
June 2006
August 2006
September 2006
January 2007
February 2007
May 2007