https://www.awaws.com
AwarenessProjects.org - Home
AwarenessProjects.org
Home
Who We Are
Projects
Get Involved
Gallery
Videos
Photos
Legal
Contact Us
API Conference at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University
"The Future of Strategic Partnership: Prospects for the U.S. Relationship with Russia and Central Asia"
Find out more
Prospects for United States relations with Russia and Central Asia after the Crimea crisis.
4/14/2014
Crimea is sparking interest not only among governments and prominent politicians but non-profits as well.
Operating in the United States a non-profit organization - Awareness Projects International, recently has dedicated its conference to this topic and the students of the Tufts University in Boston were eager to participate. This conference was able to attract such speakers as Thomas Simons – Professor at Harvard University, Sanjar Umarov – founder of the major opposition party in Uzbekistan Sunshine Coalition and Sarah Kendzior  - a widely read and respected writer for Al Jazeera.
Read More
Voice of America broadcasting API's second annual conference from Boston
4/13/2014
Ex-Hendrix President  J. Timothy Cloyd joins the board of directors at API
4/10/2014
We are very pleased to announce that Dr. J. Timothy Cloyd, former president of Hendrix College, will be joining our board of directors. Dr. J. Timothy Cloyd became the 10th president of Hendrix College, a Tier 1 national liberal arts college, in 2001. Under his leadership the institution’s enrollment has grown by over 50% and the faculty by 35%. His strategic vision has made Hendrix the national leader in engaged liberal arts and has enhanced the institution’s visibility and prestige. During this time he raised over $160 million for the endowment and to fund numerous academic and capital projects, including 17 new buildings. The initiatives undertaken by Hendrix under Dr. Cloyd’s leadership have raised the quality indicators of the student body, increased diversity and driven internationalization. His strategy to differentiate the College increased net student revenue from 2004-2010 by more than 52%.The innovations undertaken by Hendrix during Dr. Cloyd’s eleven years of leadership have been featured in The New York Times, Money Magazine, Atlantic Monthly, The New York Review of Books, and Time. His leadership has been featured in a book titled Leading Change, How Boards and Presidents Build Exceptional Academic Institutions. Dr. Cloyd is an active consultant in higher education, organizational culture, management, and development.The API Team.
Awareness Projects Conference Series Announcement
3/21/2014
Sincerely,The API Team.
Official Poster for Awareness Projects International's Second Annual Conference at Tufts University in Boston.
2/18/2014
API Conference at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University
1/30/2014
API's second annual conference will be held on April 5th at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University on the topic of "The Future of Strategic Partnership: Prospects for the U.S. Relationship with Russia and Central Asia"Information on panels and speakers will be released in the next few weeks. If you are interested in presenting at our conference or would like to suggest a presenter, please contact us by e.mail at dn312@cam.ac.uk.Sincerely,The API Team
Founder of Awareness Projects, Dmitriy Nurullayev, to appear as a guest on a BBC talk show
1/28/2014
Founder of Awareness Projects, Dmitriy Nurullayev, to appear as a guest on a BBC talk show which will be aired on Saturday, April 13th . We invite you to send questions to Dmitriy about our organization and its initiatives. You can direcltly call BBC Uzbek or email your questions to uzbek@bbc.co.uk.
<<Previous
Our Mission
About Awareness Projects International: API is a Seattle based organization with a mission to educate, raise awareness, and advocate for human rights and democratic governance as well as create a balanced, unbiased and in-depth discussion on U.S. relations with the post-Soviet sphere.
Archives
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
November 2013
August 2013
July 2013
April 2013
March 2013
January 2013
December 2012
May 2012
April 2011
Categories
All
Articles
News
Open Letters
Press Release
Videos
Donate to API
RSS Feed
Create a free website
Powered by
Create your own free website
Start your own free website
A surprisingly easy drag & drop site creator. Learn more.
✕