https://www.awesomemake-upsex.tumblr.com
f
AWESOMEMAKE-UPSEX
Untitled Document
AWESOMEMAKE-UPSEX
...that was awesome.
HOME /
ASK ME ANYTHING /
NUDES /
ARCHIVE /
©
Her moan tho..
11:18am
Blahhhbiddy blah blahhh
I don’t really write here that often anymore. But i felt I had to put these words somewhere other than my head, otherwise they’ll seize to ever exist and come to peace in its own theoretical existence…whatever that means.
You see words
You see actions
You see photos
make predictions.
You let go
You breathe in
Hoping one day
itll be clear and,
Somehow and someway
You keep on wishing
Wishing
The things they say
Are the things they say
Cus of you
And sometime and someday
You keep on hoping
Hoping
The things they do
They’ll be doing
With you
But I can’t figure out why
Why
it seemed to end before it began
And
why
these feelings stay tho
We barely even held hands
But not these hands
The hands of our hearts
The hands of our minds
We were so close but so distant
But I think
Maybe
If I weren’t so resistant
But I don’t think it’s all my fault
Because we all answer to nature’s call
And fall..
That’s what you did.
I can’t change who you are
But then again
I don’t want to
They told me once I must accept you
Like a Visa card
I give you credit
Like cash
I won’t regret it
Regret spending time with you that is
But what a mess it has become
A mess before it had begun
Don’t know whether to lose hope or to win it
Back
Because
Here I think
Just maybe
Maybe this isn’t where it ends
But then maybe
Maybe it’s just pretend
I said let’s just learn to be friends
But look at us now..
It doesn’t change the fact
These feelings aren’t gone
And I still think
that here
Is where you belong
Beside me
Besides
these fools don’t know what they’re doing
These fools think that’s all they’re getting
it
But you have a heart
And I want it
Only in my hands
Not these hands
Not in a cage
Or chained in command
No
In my hands where I can hold it
So you won’t worry
That someone will break
It
But
everyone wants your heart
But
I’m not everyone
Who’ll let it fall apart
I’m different
Yup I’m different
Don’t fooled by flattery
Don’t be swayed by luxury
Be moved by someone who’ll happily
care for you the way they should
…See. I find this pathetic.. but my feelings aren’t synthetic. I know they’re real. But I don’t know why they’re still here. Is it because I’m foolish..or am I just a little too into it? I just think that god can’t do this twice. Make me fall for someone and take out them out of my life.. Put them in just to snatch them away. Like, he knew they we’re never meant to stay.
So what’s the point god? I feel for her. I wanna care for her. But I hardly really know her. So tell me why I feel this way. Tell me that it’s only the start. That there’s something more to whatever oasis you’ve put in this dry land. Because dammit. If you’re gonna take someone away, take my feelings too..
4:14pm
what the hell do i wear to the pink party tonight??
5:09pm
holy fuck shit.
soo, tonight i climbed a roof. nothing special, i climb roofs all the time with my friends. except, tonight- i got caught. after watching a movie at a local theatre, i walked outside and saw this really cool wall of a closed down building covered with vines. i thought, what a cool wall to scale. so, i climbed it. was a good challenge and pretty fun. my friend however decided not to climb it. good choice on his part. not even 10 mins later, a cop pulls up to the street across. i frantically try to look for an escape route. i found none, except an option of jumping 10 ft out to the next roof. no thanks. so, here i am on a roof with my friend at the bottom and a cop coming towards us. busted. one cop shows up. then two. then three. then a shitload of cop cars come and then about 8 officers are standing at the base of the building all looking up at me. thoughts running through my head? i. am. so. fucked. they tell me not to climb down so im there waiting for them to do something. a fucking fire truck comes. the big ass ones with the extendable ladders thats attached to the truck. fire fighters bring me down and cops bring me over to their car to interrogate me. “what were you doing up there?” “nothing.” “why’d you go up there?” “i just wanted to climb to the roof.” to cut the story short, there were chill cops and a stern cop. the chill ones were joking around with me about climbing and doing crazy shit. the stern one taught me a lesson. he told me i could be fined $7,000 or sent to jail, and have a misdemeanor on my permanent record. to make things worse.. i was carrying my friend’s bday gift - a double edged, batarang. which is a felony. FUCK. they all thought it was hella sick tho and were playing with it and passing it around. at the end of the night, i could’ve racked up $7000+ dollars in fines, a misdemeanor and felony charges on my record. But, the Big Man looked out for me and they let me go hoping that this run in would change my life and make me make better choices. Which it did. And never again will i do that…unless its something worth it and epic like the Golden Gate bridge or scaling Transamerica. Anyways, the silver lining to this shitty run in was that the cops were impressed with me for being able to climb that stupid wall, and that they compared me to Kick Ass. I thought that was pretty cool.
5:27am
hahaha love these videos. “What do you think about penises?” “I’ve got three myself..In my drawer..All battery operated.”/“What do you think a penis smells like?” “Regret?”/“Make your best penis face.” ;o
wwruska:
REAL Lesbians React to Lesbian Porn!
I’m laughing so hard oh my god
do girls not stick dirty stilettos up vaginas and then deep throat it? woops, guess ive been doing it wrong this whole time
LOL(Source: actualtrashbag, via toshthelefthanded)
"   Augustus stepped toward him and looked down. ‘Feel better?’ he asked.
‘No,’ Isaac mumbled, his chest heaving.‘That’s the thing about pain,’ Augustus said, and then glanced back at me. ‘It demands to be felt.’   "
The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
2:47am
(Source: rightsideover, via ayooo-itsnauds)
1:25am