https://www.awkward-lesbian-rainbows.tumblr.com
Foxxy Lee
Menu
Close
Home
Archive
STALKERS COME HERE
PUT YOUR WORDS HERE, CHILD
Awkward Rainbow
Theme by safe as milk
Foxxy Lee
I'm 18 Really Gay and a Single Pringle
murdervi:
I did a pearlsona he’s a Matte Blue Pearl and yes hes a HE, you could say that he’s actually trans, because you know pearls are made to be femenine
but well I’m too lazy to actually write his story so… have a bonus:
Garnet is the supportive mom
THAT IS SO CUTE OMG
Jan 13, 2016
chefpyro:
I like this moment so I giffed it.
Jan 13, 2016
fatbottompurls:
thebloggerbloggerfun:
teafortrouble:
eteo:
fall-for-nothing:
trickster-eridan:
buttpilgrim:
scientificperfection:
kittiesinthemorning:
I just don’t understand how this happened. But here’s a picture of a lemon from my backyard
WHAT THE EVERLOVING FUCK
when life gives yoǘ̻̬͓͎̣̟̩̦͢ ͪ̂̀̆҉̳̘̝̺̀l͇̬̹̞̻̥͕̥̗̒̎ͩ̋ͥ͆e͙̭̭̠̣̠̊́ͩ̂̓̀ṃ̛̍̂͛̈̏o̠̪̪ͤ͗͘n̵͉̣ͭͧ̿ͧ͛̀s̷̠͑ͬͫͦ̅͡ ̸͐ͤ͘҉̦̺M̰̹͙͇ͮ̉ͫͅȦ̻̔̅̇̑ͭ͛͋͘K̠̻̫̤̇̀ͥE͂ͪ͏̱̤͚͕ ̞͔̜̬̑ͯ͑͢ͅŞ͔̦̩̳̣̖ͮ͊ͨA͈̓͂̈́̀̀̚͘C̡̠̟͉ͪ͆̔ͤ͂ͪR̬͙͕ͪ̀͠Ĩ̵̖͚̑̊̓́F͎͕̄Iͬͧ̀̂̑ͪ͟͏̴̪̤ͅC̢̰̝͓̗͛ͬ̔̍̓́́̚̚Ḙ̶̠̰̳̩̳̊ͭͮ̇̇̚̕S̻͖̣̰̒̈͟
it’s back
Satan lemon
every villain is lemons
And finally, dear listeners, a reminder; several concerned citizens have brought to the city’s attention an irregularity surrounding this summer’s citrus harvest. City council would like to remind all enterprising fruit pickers to exercise reasonable caution when acquiring these fruits. Grasp the fruit firmly around its circumference, pull slowly but steadily to avoid damaging the tree, and under no circumstances heed its demands of you. Do not acknowledge or obey the depraved whisperings of the demon fruit.
And now: The Weather.
Is this what homeworld thinks of fusion(Source: sometimesoverwhelming, via more-than-a-walking-vagina)
steven universe
Jan 11, 2016
Anonymous asked:
One time i went to olive garden with my mom and she told me she was alcoholic and then the next time we went she told me that she was divorcing my dad
olivegarden Answer:
Jan 11, 2016
seccasetedite:
I reblog this everytime I find it
(Source: elizejski-cien, via imaajination)
Jan 11, 2016
troyyy:
this is my favorite video of all time
(via may)
Jan 11, 2016
spazzeon:
vaigh:
Why the hell does this captivate me.
Bats are weird
That’s obviously a bird(Source: fuckyeahdementia, via dragonfly-rider)
Jan 11, 2016
The story behind Yellow Diamond’s design
charlesoberonn:
CN Executive: Rebecca, I’ve noticed a weird trend in your show’s designs.
Rebecca Sugar: What is it?
CN Exec: Steven, Ruby, Sadie and a bunch of other characters have no visible necks.
Rebecca: I’m on it.
~Several Months Later~
CN Exec: *looking at YD’s design* Rebecca, that’s not what I meant.
Jan 10, 2016
wewky:
lesson.wmvfrom my youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzw3-cgTF1YuYj6LuQZnsmw?&ab_channel=Wewky
Jan 10, 2016
Yellow Diamond:
Did you locate the cluster?
Peridot:
Yes, your necksellency.
Yellow Diamond:
Excuse me?
Peridot:
I mean, your longness
Peridot:
I mean, your highnapes
Peridot:
I mean, fuck.
Yellow Diamond:
Yeah, I'm going to let you blow up with this planet now.
Peridot:
That's fair.
Jan 10, 2016