https://www.babesgo.com
Argan Collection
RUSH MY FREE TRIAL
RUSH MY FREE TRIAL
tell us where to send
your free trial today!
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
RUSH MY FREE TRIAL
split end therapy and repair
21st Century Science has finally resolved one of women's deepest desires: having gorgeous and natural supermodel hair that drives seduction in men and elicits envy in other women.
For decades, women attempted to mimic that "supermodel look" by using painful extensions, but now with the scientific breakthrough of Argan Collection, any woman can have incredible hair in just 21 days.
Amazing Active Ingredients
We are so confident you will love your new runway hair that we offer all Argan Collection purchases with an ABSOLUTELY RISK FREE 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE.
NATURE'S MOST VERSATILE BEAUTY PRODUCT THE POWER OF ARGAN OIL
Argan Oil is derived from the kernels of the drought-hardy Argan tree in Morocco and is often referred to as 'liquid gold' due to the oil's prized value as a cosmetic remedy.  Argan oil is rich in antioxidants, vitamin E & fatty acids, treating split ends and rejuvenating hair from chemical and styling damage.  Unlike coconut oil and other popular oils, the molecules in Argan Oil are small enough to penetrate the cortex of your hair, protecting it from the environment while healing hair follicles.
Argan Oil (also known as Moroccan Oil) is considered a “must have” among top beauty industry professionals, models and celebrities.
This amazing oil can also be used on skin to diminish lines (wrinkles, crow’s feet, fine lines, stretch marks), reduce spots (dark spots, acne scars, blemishes), help clear acne, and add strength to nails. It can even help treat skin conditions such as dry skin and eczema and is also safe enough for babies.
Finally, Argan Oil hydrates and protects the skin, making it ideal for facials and body massages and finishes the skin with a beautiful, healthy glow.​
CLINICALLY PROVEN HAIRCARE TECHNOLOGY
This well-kept secret product nourishes hair follicles and naturally boosts hair growth so that you'll have longer, thicker hair by simply using the product, which has been clinically proven to stimulate hair rejuvenation and repair.
We are so confident you will love your new runway hair that we offer all Argan Collection purchases an ABSOLUTELY RISK FREE 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE.
LEAVE-IN CONDITIONER
After showering, while your hair is still wet, add a few drops of argan oil to your hair, ends and scalp to hydrate and moisturize. It’s especially nourishing if your hair is dry from daily use of a blow dryer, straight-iron or curling iron.
HAIR STYLING SHINE
When your hair is dry, use as a styling product by adding a few drops of argan oil to the palms of your hand. Rub your hands together and run your fingers through your hair to create shine and tame frizz. You only need a small amount. It lasts a long time.
OVERNIGHT HAIR TREATMENT
Massage a generous amount of argan oil into your hair, ends and scalp. Wrap your hair and leave it on while you sleep. In the morning, wash your hair and you’ll have luminous, soft locks.
​SKIN MOISTURIZER
Massage a few drops of argan oil directly onto your face and neck.  Argan is considered a dry, non-greasy oil that will quickly absorb into your skin.  If you want to use it as a serum, apply your night cream after the oil absorbs into the skin.
HYDRATING TONER
Add a few drops of argan oil to your favorite facial toner to hydrate and tone simultaneously. You can make your own toner by adding a few drops of argan oil to Rose or Orange Blossom water.
REJUVENATING & BRIGHTENING FACE MASK
Add a few drops of argan oil to your store-bought mask. Alternatively, make your own mask by mixing 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, 3 teaspoons of Greek-style yogurt, 1 tablespoon of honey and 3 drops of argan oil in a bowl. Apply on a clean, dry face and leave on for 10 minutes. Rinse off with warm water.
EXFOLIATING LIP SCRUB AND MOISTURIZER
To smooth and moisturize your lips, add a few drops of argan oil and vanilla extract to fine brown sugar. Lightly massage into lips using circular motion and rinse off.
FACE GLOW
Add a drop or two of argan oil to your foundation, bronzer or tinted moisturizer for a dewy, luminous glow.
ACNE
Where many oils and moisturizers can exacerbate skin conditions such as acne, argan oil actually soothes afflicted skin and promotes healing. Acne is often the result of oily skin. Since argan oil is non-greasy, it helps to balance skin by providing natural moisture. Argan oil also contains anti-oxidants which help to heal damaged skin cells and reduce inflammation. -Applying a few drops of argan oil to skin afflicted by acne after cleansing and patting dry ensures that essential moisture and nutrients are introduced to clean, dry skin. Rubbing in gently and repeating twice daily can help clear up mild acne as well as balancing oily or dry skin.
CUTICLE AND HEEL SOFTENER
Massage a few drops of argan oil into your cuticles to soften, moisturize and encourage nail growth. Use as an overnight treatment to nourish cracked heels by working a good amount into your feet and toes. Cover with socks and wake up to supple feet. Argan oil’s softening properties are ideal for brittle nails, dry hands and cracked, hard skin on feet. It both moisturizes and softens skin, leaving hands and feet supple and soft and nails strong and healthy.​
BODY AND BATH OIL
Add a few drops of argan oil directly onto your skin, into the bath or body lotion. It’s safe to use on a baby and to help minimize stretch marks on a pregnant belly too.
DRY SKIN CONDITIONS
People suffering from dry skin or conditions such as eczema which can leave skin raw, flaky and itchy will benefit immensely from argan oil. The vitamin E and fatty acids in argan oil are excellent for repairing damaged skin and providing it with nutrients which will prevent further dryness and irritation. Argan oil also contains ingredients which soothe skin. Applying a small amount of oil directly to afflicted skin and massaging in gently can provide relief and encourage healing.
PROTECTION & HEALING
The antioxidants in argan oil are generally beneficial for healing skin which is irritated, cracked, damaged or even burned. It is best used as a preventive for dry or sore skin, but it can also be used to speed up healing. Its properties include reducing inflammation, soothing pain and increasing healing rate.  Smoothing a few drops of argan oil into sore or damaged skin helps to speed up the healing process.
PREGNANCY
Stretch marks are an issue for many pregnant women, but argan oil is the ideal protection against stretch marks and sagging, puckered skin after birth. Argan oil increases the elasticity of skin due to its vitamin E content. Using a few drops of argan oil to rub into breasts, stomach, bottom and thighs during pregnancy will reduce the likelihood of developing unsightly stretch marks.  Argan oil is also idea for keeping skin and hair soft, healthy and hydrated during pregnancy.
Terms & Condition
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This products is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Information in this site is provided for informational purposes only. It is not meant to substitute for any medical advice provided by your physician or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication. You should read
loading