https://www.babehavesexwithme.tumblr.com
Babe, Have sex with me
Babe, Have sex with meHi there! This is an intimate blog primarily run by me, Kelsea, but my husband
comes on periodically to post and helps with asks that could be better answered by him.
Feel free to send us asks about anything, it makes our day ^.^
NSFWAsk Me AnythingArchiveMeConfessionsAnswered asksSubmissionsMain
9,136 notesReblog
20,015 notesReblog
3,732 notesReblog
390,380 notesReblog
What is the most pleasurable fore play to do to a guy?by AnonymousLots of guys can be different depending on their turn ons and turn offs but I would say grinding would be one, especially when its grinding where the girl is facing the other way (Reverse cowgirl) and the guys legs or spread while the girls legs or in between the guys legs because that way your creating the maximum amount of friction between the both of you as oppose to missionary where both of your hips, and upper thighs get in the way of really grinding up against each other. Make sure you both are still wearing underwear such as the guy still has boxers and the girls has bra and panties because that way it stimulates you in a mental way where you both know youre about to have sex and it builds up that eager-ness to fuck each others brains out but yet your still teasing each other and making each other wait which turns guys on a lot on a whole new level to know that youre so close to be inside her but still not quite there yet. If youd also like you could try it so that the guy doesn’t have boxers on but you still have your panties on so that way the guy can physically see his cock between ur ass which makes him get more of that eager sensation of knowing that he is really close to feeling that amazing sensation of sliding inside you but not quite there yet.-R3 notesReblog
For the first time having sex, is it only pain? Or do you also feel pleasure later on during first time?by AnonymousFor your first couple of times it will hurt a bit especially when the guy first slides it inside you. The key is Lube, and foreplay to make sure you both are really turned on so that the pain gets outweighed by the pleasure and lube/getting wet during foreplay helps for an easier squeeze when the guy first slides it in. Lube will especially help everything out not only for your first time or your first couple of times but in general lube is always helpful. It can either be a bottle of lube, a lubricated condom or just lots of foreplay and teasing each other and letting your body produce that natural lube it does when you get turned on. 0 notesReblog
View Photoset (16,848 notes)
Hey guys! Love your blog. I want to ask something you both.
I'm a virgin and my boyfriend is an older guy. I'm
19 & he's 32. So I don't know how to talk about this with him and I'm really scared I know he's the one, he clearly loves me. but sex scares me a lot. I don't know what to do and how to do it. And he always says that he used to have great sex and I don't want to be the exception.
Some tips? I would love that you both answer so I can have both opinions. You are amazing!by AnonymousTips that I have for you is, don’t be scared to let him know the truth of you being scared about sex. If he’s the one then he should be more than understanding about it, when I met my wife, she had only had sex with one other guy which turns out to be a great thing for the guy because instead of being confused with what past exs you had liked and what they didn’t like during sex and what your current bf likes you get to learn from scratch on what your boyfriend likes. You just have to open up and communicate what you both like and don’t like during sex. Communication is key  -R1 noteReblog
18,969 notesReblog
So there's this guy I've been friends with for 5 years now. For about a year and a half things have been very flirtatious with us and almost a year ago I lost my virginity to him. He wants to do it again and is recently single. Ever since we did it the first time, I've been so nervous to be with him again. Is it normal to be anxious about having sex? Do you have any tips?by AnonymousSeems like you two are close. Which makes for great sex, I recommend you two make sure you both know where you stand when it comes to you two having sex. What I mean by that is make sure if one of you wants to be more than just friends since you have been friends for quite a while and now you had sex, you both have to be on the same page other wise it will destroy your relationship. and yes it is normal to be anxious about having sex especially when its with someone you’re close with. When things start to get intimate between you and someone close to you, you have to be careful if you want to keep your relationship in tact if not further it. My tips for you are 1) Make sure you both have an understanding and acknowledge what you both want as terms to just casual sex aka Friends with Benefits or become BF and GF2)If you find yourself cherishing your relationship you already have then make sure you’re ready to break things off and keep things as friends because getting intimate with a best friend can be the best thing or a disaster. Lastly if you two do become more than friends don’t change anything about yourself nor let things get awkward, the best types of relationships is the one where you can look at your significant other as not just as a boyfriend/girlfriend or husband/wife but as your best friend as well. That’s what makes sex with your besties so great since that’s the person you can be yourself with more than with anyone else, so when things start to get more intimate you have to make sure you don’t lose that feeling of being able to be yourself and not feel uncomfortable doing it because that’s what makes relationships between besties great until some people lose that sense of connection with each other.If theres anything you still have a question about or something I didn’t answer let me know, id love to help and wish you the best of luck ^_^0 notesReblog
12345»△