https://www.babesfinder.blogspot.com
Babes Finder Blog
Babes Finder Blog
Babe Finder is all about the hottest babes I find on the web! Sex sluts, naughty girls, perverted women etc... I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do!
TOP RATED SITES
Fucking Mofo
- Bad Girls - All
The Pink - 1215
Girls
Creamlog - Orsm
- Smokin Movies -
Zhoott
Sunday, February 27, 2005
Brazilian Babes
Did you ever go to Brazil? I have a friend who just left yesterday to go there
on vacation and enjoy the sun and cool beaches. It reminded me of my trip there
two years ago...I will remember it forever. You can see so much hot babes in
bikinis on the beach and these girls are so damn horny! I know I love women
with dark tanned round asses and I got the chance to fuck a couple of brazilian
sluts while I was there....mmm....the good times! Btw if you like dark skin
girls, here's a place where you can video
chat with some sexy latina webcam girls. And enjoy today's fine brazilian
asses that I found for you :)
posted by babesfinder @ 1:22 PM
20 comments
Saturday, February 26, 2005
Fred Durst Sex Tape
Saturday night...just browsed the web a little and found out about the Fred
Durst sex tape that got leaked. WTF!!! Give me tons of Paris Hilton porn
videos and stolen pictures but I don't want to see that guy having sex! I checked
his video and it's boring as fuck...so here's a couple babes pictures for you
guys....it's way better looking at these!
First a very hot blonde babe from Babes TV fingering her tight snatch:
And three new porn starlets that each have their official websites:
Chloe
Topanga
Trixie
posted by babesfinder @ 4:44 PM
2 comments
Thursday, February 24, 2005
Blonde Bombshell Kelle Marie
Penthouse Pet runner up for 2003, Kelle Marie is one hell of a Blonde Babe!
I just checked her official
website to see more of her.....my god!!!! She is a real stunning blonde
bombshell! She has her own forum where she post and answer her fans, she keeps
a daily blog of what is going out in her life, a live chat and many more interesting
features. I think I'll keep this in my bookmarks to go back and check more of
her sweet little angel pussy! Here is are some very sexy pics of her fine body.
posted by babesfinder @ 6:09 PM
2 comments
Big Tit Patrol Babes
Who did not fantasize about Pamela Anderson's big large boobs when she was
in Baywatch? I know I did. Big tits seem to be commonly worhipped by guys.....and
even more when they are all natural! Well I ran accross a very nice boob site....it's
called Big Tit Patrol and it features only babes with no fake huge racks. I've
posted a couple pics here of Brandy, Summer and Avy Scott for you to take a
look :) I'm a titty fucking fan and I must say I found a couple very good movies
of these on the site that I unfortunately cannot post here....but you can view
some free trailers right
here. Enjoy!
posted by babesfinder @ 2:45 PM
2 comments
Licking off a Gooey Facial
Usually guys love big sloppy blowjobs from a hot chick....and when they can
spray their cute little faces with cum, it's like hitting the jackpot. Well,
I've found a very dirty slut who licks and sucks dick like there's no tomorrow!
This dark haired naughty bitch has one damn nice pink shaved pussy that any
man would dream of. Take a look at her licking off a gooey facial after taking
a big cock ride!
posted by babesfinder @ 2:14 PM
2 comments
Previous Posts
Brazilian Babes
Fred Durst Sex Tape
Blonde Bombshell Kelle Marie
Big Tit Patrol Babes
Licking off a Gooey Facial
After School Lesbian Sex
Wet Pussy Squirt
Lesbian Orgy at the Beach
Last Fuck Before Wedding
My Friends
Fucking Mofo
Zhoott
Titbit
BOg
Phun
Sexual Collection
Orsm
Smokin Movies
NSFW News
All The Pink
Bad Girls Blog
Your Dirty Mind
1215 Girls
Teens Exploited
Bods for the Mods
Creamlog
Archives
February 2005
Blog Directories
Blogarama
Blogdex
Blogdigger
Bloghop
Blog Search Engine
Blogwise
Fastbuzz
Feedster
Globe of Blogs
Search 4 Blogs
Syndicate this Blog
Site Feed