https://www.bodypositivesexed.tumblr.com
Sex Education
Sex Education
Ask!
Condom Basics   Birth Control Options   Ready for Sex?   Pregnancy Scare?   Pregnancy Tests!   Sexuality   DIY Sex Toys!   Lube 101   Planned Parenthood Locations   Self Care    Pregnancy Scare Blog
This is a trans inclusive, pro-choice, body positive sex education blog! It is intended for
helping with anything from self esteem to pregnancy scares-- and everything in between. The ask box is always open. The links provided are always helpful, however are not available on mobile
For anyone who wants a body positive, non judgmental sex ed blog for confessions, questions, and sex education on their dash–feel free to follow! For now, until this blog gets established I WILL be doing followbacks :)
— 10 months ago with 1 note
#sex ed
#sex
#instant folllow back
#follow
#sexual ed
#sexed
#pro choice
#pregnancy
#pregnancy scare
#help
#ask me anything
#life
#funny
#cute
Anonymous asked: Is it true you have to pinch the top of the condom first before putting it on?
Answer:YES!! It is very surprising to me that schools never taught this. Even the ones that DID teach sex ed. If you don’t pinch the top and leave room, the semen will probably pop/break the condom. When you pinch the top, it allows an AIRFREE pocket to catch the semen during the sexual activities :)
— 10 months ago
Anonymous asked: do u actually have 2 use lube
Answer:Well, TECHNICALLY, no you don’t HAVE to do anything. However, lube makes the condom less likely to break AND it makes it more pleasurable for whomever will be receiving :) (I will say, if you are participating in something more rough like anal sex or fisting, I HIGHLY recommend lube. HIGHLY.) I have a link on everything you need to know about lube on my blog for further reading
— 10 months ago
Anonymous asked: im going through a pregnancy scare right now, and i know theres pretty much no chance of pregnancy, i can't stop thinking about it and i have no appetite at all. how do i stop thinking about it
Answer:Aww hun! When I went through my big scare, I lost my appetite completely as well :( The BIGGEST thing you can do is to become really focused on self care. Focus on YOU. Make yourself eat something. Watch your favorite movie. Do something for you :) Also, I have a link on my blog about different kinds of self care if you’re interested.
— 10 months ago
Anonymous asked: If you perform oral sex or receive it, are you still considered a virgin?
Answer:I can’t answer that. Every single person has a different definition of sex and a different definition of what it takes to lose their V card. For some people, yes, oral sex is losing your virginity and counts as sex. For some, only vaginal intercourse really counts as losing your virginity. You get to decide that.
— 10 months ago
Anonymous asked: i wish more ppl were body pos even w fat girls :(
Answer:People are beautiful no matter their size. :) And, lots of people are body positive! You just have to keep your eyes open!
— 10 months ago
Anonymous asked: how long do you have to wait before taking a pregnancy test
Answer:Usually, for most pregnancy test brands, you should wait 2-3 weeks after your missed period.
— 10 months ago
Anonymous asked: what's the difference between an asexual and a demisexual?
Answer:From what I have read and seen from friends who belong to these sexualities, an asexual person is someone who experiences little to no sexual desire for other people. A demisexual person is someone who DOES feel sexual desire for someone but only if the demisexual and this person have a STRONG romantic/platonic/emotional bond.  :)
— 10 months ago
finally-human:All Bodies Are Beautiful - Abbie Bevan(via trashbbay)
— 10 months ago with 132656 notes
(via )
— 10 months ago with 157 notes
Previous
/
Next →
RSS     /
Archive     /
Random
Astronaut by Peter Vidani     /
Tumblr