https://www.bondage-blog.blogspot.com
Bondage Blog -
A couple explores bondage, BDSM and kinky interests
Bondage Blog -
A couple explores bondage, BDSM and kinky interests
Monday, November 29, 2004
Christmas Shopping For Bondage Gear
It is that time of year again when many of us have to start shopping for Christmas. For me it is always difficult to shop for Dennis. Usually I get him several things, but it is getting harder every year because he already has so many things and each year it seems he wants less and less. This year I asked for him to make a list. He made his list and it was so short, it had 5 things total on it. The problem is that I will have to give all those items up to our Family members so that they will have something for him. So, I am still left with the same dilemma.
What we as a couple need is more bondage gear. So what I decided we would do is that we would have a theme. This year Dennis and I will buy each other bondage gear for Christmas. Naturally we will have to buy each other a couple of regular presents to open at our Family Christmas get together, however for our private gift exchange, we will get each other stuff with a bondage gear theme. This was I can just get him a couple of shirts or sweaters and then I can concentrate on buying us presents we need and will use.
I have been looking around the internet deciding were I going to do my Christmas shopping for bondage gear, and BDSM toys. There are many great online stores, but I found one that I especially like called BDSM Store. The have an awesome selection of bondage restraint cuffs in every stye imaginable, they also have a huge selection of gags. Personally I just love the look of a nice shiny red ball gag, but I found something truely devious, they have a red ball gag with nipple clamps attached to it via a short chain. The idea being, move your head too mouch and the person will be causing there nipples to to be pulled and stretched.
I'm not sure what all I'm buying yet since there are so many things I can get that we need. So as I shop I'll have to let you know. If there is something you think is a definite must have, leave me a comment and let me know where I can find it.
posted by Dawn | 10:03 AM
| link
| 22 comments |
Thursday, November 25, 2004
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply - Part 4
In part three of this topic I laid out my ideas for giving him a simple reward for following some basic rules. But one thing noticeable absent was how he would get to experience intercourse.
Since I know he will ask, I've come up with this basic idea.
If he follows the basic everyday rules without breaking them for 30 days, I will let him fuck me. Now if he wants to fuck me sooner than that, then he may be allowed to as long as he has not broken the rules for at least 9 days and if he agrees to first do any one special task or thing I ask and he must do it enthusiastically. If he doesn't act or find it enthusiatic and I pick up on it, then I will stop and he will not get to fuck me for a minimum of at least another 9 days.
Some examples of special tasks might be to allow me to first fuck him with a strap-on, or suck the strap-on cock like he's trying to make it come. It could even be something simple like spend the evening waiting on me hand and foot while naked, wearing only a ball gag. Another idea might be to spend a certain amount of time with his nipples in clamps while I tease and torment them by taking them off and then putting them back on repeatedly. It could be really difficult like spending the evening cleaning the house wearing a sluty maids outfit, including the high heels.
The task can be anything that isn't a normal everyday rule. Hell it could even be something non-sexual, like painting our bedroom which I have been trying to get him to do for about 6 months.
I think this will work, because in the 5 years we have been married, Dennis has only a couple times had to go longer than 3 days without sex and even then, I think he probably masturbated.
Unless I think of any other problems, Part 5 may be a while off, because it will take a while to get the chastity device I'm going to buy and then I will have to scheme to put everything together to put my plan into action.
Till then enjoy and feel free to comment if your see anything that might be a problem or something I did think of.
posted by Dawn | 8:15 AM
| link
| 0 comments |
Sunday, November 21, 2004
High Heels - Punishing and Painful, Why do we wear them ?
Last night, Dennis and I had to go to a cocktail party that was business related, a birthday party for his boss.
So naturally, I have to wear my cute, sexy little dress, as I was getting ready, I was actually dreading putting on my heels, because they are just so painful and uncomfortable, especially at a cocktail party where you spend most of your time standing around all evening. Sure you can sit, but then you are usually talking to just one or two people and not really socializing, so really you must be on your feet.
Anyhow, while I was doing my makeup I thought maybe I would wear a pair of low heels, that way my feet wouldn't get sore. ok, that sounds like a good plan right. So I get through with my makeup, pull the low heels out of the closet and put them on and look at myself in the full length mirror in our bedroom. Instantly I decide, I just don't look that hot, so I go back to the closet and pull out a pair that are a little higher, I look again and decide it's still not enough. Back to the closet I go, this time putting on a pair of 4 inch heels. I go back over to the mirror and look and everything seems to click. I look very sexy,feel sexy and my ass is now pushed out just right so that it sets off my dress.
So I teeter down the stair and out the door we go. The cocktail party was fun, but after a couple of hours, my feet are killing me and I'm thinking I should have worn the low heels, but then I wouldn't have looked so delicious. By the end of the night, my feet are killing me, I'm trying to find every reason to sit, my calves are just burning.
So anyway, we finally head home and in the car I've got the heels off, I'm rubbing my feet because the are so sore, Dennis turns to me and says "Honey, you looked so sexy tonight, when we get home, I want to strip that dress off you and fuck you with you just wearing those high heels" I looked at him and told him that was ok, just as long as it didn't envolve me standing in them.
Why do we wear them ?..... Because it makes us look sexy, gets us attention and makes every horny guy want to fuck our brains out. Three things that definitely make a girl feel good about herself !
posted by Dawn | 10:15 AM
| link
| 1 comments |
Tuesday, November 16, 2004
Now that's some Exciting Oral !
I was surfing around the other night and found this exciting picture I wanted to share.
Basically, it is a picture of a girl blindfolded, with a guys cock full stuffed into her mouth. What makes this picture unique is you see it from the guys point of view. After this, I certainly hope she is getting a new car, a shiny diamond or a fur coat, because she certainly deserves it.
For me this picture is inspiring, especially when you figure that she is also making that "mmmphff" sound as she is clamped between his legs. Hell I'm almost ready to orgasm just thinking about it. Now imagine that is your guy and he has his mouth filled sucking on your strapon dildo, helpless to do anything but suck and make that "mmmphfff" sound. I will definitely be making Dennis do this and I will definitely be planning on taking a picture for my private photo album.
posted by Dawn | 6:24 PM
| link
| 0 comments |
Friday, November 12, 2004
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply - Part 3
My ideas for enforcing chastity on Dennis as a way to force him to have no choice but comply with my every command and desire are continuing to evolve. If you haven't read the first two parts of this blog entry, you should so that you will understand what's going on.
In the last post, I decided that I had to be able to dangle some kind of reward in front of Dennis if I'm going to make this work. I need some type of reward that would keep him from just getting stubborn and refusing to do anything I wish until I removed the chastity device. I need something that would overwhelmingly tip the scale in my favor. Also, I need to make the rules easy to start and overtime, I can gradually increase the number and difficulty of them.
So to start, I've come up with a basic scheme and basically it goes like this. After I have locked him all up nice and secure, I will tell him that if he follows these three basic rules, every three days, I will give either a handjob or blowjob, which ever he chooses.
The three basic rules are:
1. He must tell me four times per day, "I want to be your sex slave". One of the times must be in writing, signed and dated.
2. Everyday, he must give me oral and it must be to satisfaction, meaning I achieve an orgasm.
3. No whining about his being in chastity. The only acceptable whining allowed will be about how horny he is. (after all, that's something I want, I want to know that I'm making him horny.
4. If he fails at the about, he must start over and follow the above rules for three days before he can be rewarded with a handjob or blowjob.
Naturally, he is going to notice that I said nothing about intercourse, which is something I will cover in my next post on this topic.
posted by Dawn | 11:51 AM
| link
| 1 comments |
Tuesday, November 09, 2004
Milking your Cow and I'm not talking about Farm Animals.
I found this picture a while ago and saved it because it gave me an interesting idea. Like I've said before, I get my most creative inspiration from looking at pictures.
The picture is kinda small, but what it shows is a girl gagged. She has two suction devices attached to her breasts. There are also little baby bottles attached to each suction device. When the suction is applied, she will begin to lactate and the bottle will fill with breast milk.
Not having kids, I know very little about these types of things, but I'm sure that these are used by mothers who are breast feeding their babies to extract breast milk for later feedings.
My though is that what if you could use something like this to bottle you guys cum when he ejactulates. Surely, it would take alot of male cum to fill the bottle, but then with enough, you could either blindfold him and make him drink it or you could smear it on your favorite strap-on and make him suck it off. Better yet, it would be cool if you could have a dildo that would squirt it out while he sucked on it so that he could be forced to swallow cum as part of his servicing.
Well just another devious idea from looking at porn on the internet.
posted by Dawn | 10:07 AM
| link
| 36 comments |
Monday, November 08, 2004
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply - Part 2
I've had some new thoughts today on how I'm going to get him locked up and how my enforced chastity program is going to work.
First I will get him into the mood for a little bondage. This will be easy because usually bondage means sex and very few guys will ever turn down sex. After all, it is us women who are known for "not tonight dear, I have a headache"
Ok so with bondage and sex as the premise, I get him all comfortable, blindfolded and tied spreadeagle to the bed. Once that is done, I'll tell him to open his mouth wide and I'll insert my favorite ball gag, a nice shiny red one. As I tighten it securely, I'll make some comment like, " I don't want you to scream to loud or be able to protest".
Then after all that, I'll get out the cock cuff and put it on him and lock him securely in it. We just so happen to have a fire proof safe that is like a small case. It's something my parents gave us and we have never used it. It has a combination lock that you can set to whatever you want, so that is where I'll put the key. That way he can't get it know matter what.
Now, I'm sure that I will have a much easier time getting him to go along with it if he gets sex regularly or when some condition has been met. I'm thinking I'll have to come up with some simple rules (simple at least at first) and if he follows them for a period of time, then he gets rewarded with being able to have some sex, a blow job or something.
One thing I thought of tho is that it would have to be done in such a way that he can not prevent me from locking him back up, because the bondage and sex premise is only going to work once.
I'll have to think about that some more and let you know what I come up with.
posted by Dawn | 8:58 AM
| link
| 0 comments |
Why do women think porn is gross ?
Last night I was talking to a girl friend of mine. She has no idea of my interest in bondage and dominating Dennis. But anyway, she ask what I was doing and I told her not much, just surfing porn. Naturally she said, "ewww, gross, why would you look at that?" I simple said, well there certainly is some good porn and bad porn on the internet. After that we switched subjects and moved on. Recently, Dennis and I were at a halloween party and I overheard a girl mention that her and her guy were watching a porn movie the previous night and how afterward, her guy wanted to try out some of the things they saw. The other girls looked at her with that "eww sick" look. Personally, I got the feeling that she didn't see anything wrong with it and in fact probably enjoys watching it. This was evidenced by her costume which was a naughty dorothy from the wizard of oz theme, complete with red pumps with five inch heels .
I myself love looking at bondage/BDSM related porn. You see, I often have alot of problems with creativity and looking at pictures or watching porn movies helps me get ideas. It helps me discover wicked positions and punishments. While I'll admit that they could do a much better job of getting some real hunks to do porn and make the male a little more glamorous. However if looking at all girl porn serve it's purpose for me, because I can still adapt those things to us either with or on Dennis.
The answer to the question is simple, it is because women have been programmed all their lives to think that porn is a gross, sick thing. Another thing which is a whole different long subject is the women have been programmed to believe that porn exploits women. But if you have a reasonable open mind, you would realize that 99% of the time, it's smart women that are using what they have to exploit men.
Plain and simple, more women would be better off to get beyond the programming and look at porn. It is better for the sex life. You will learn alot about how to put some excitement into your lovemaking.
posted by Dawn | 8:45 AM
| link
| 1 comments |
Sunday, November 07, 2004
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply
Ok, so here's the problem. Dennis is physically stronger than I am, he can run fast than I can and when he want to be stubborn, well you just can't get him to give in for anything if he has it set in his mind that he is not going to compromise. Basically, give him any kind of ultimate and unless you can outwit him, he will choose the "or else". This isn't to mean that you can't coax him or entice him, but if your going to force him to go along, you better have the upper hand. You better have him between a rock and a hard place and if you don't, then you better present a very complying reason for him to go along or he will not just to spite you.
So how does a petite little girl like me have control over him. As I said earlier, it was Dennis choice, for him it was like giving me something. I didn't wrestle control from him by physically over powering him or get it by fear. I ended up with it at home because he didn't want it. But ultimately it was something he sort of entrusted me with. The whole point here is that I sure if he felt threatened in some way, he could take it back in a heartbeat. Also it isn't an all our nothing deal. Once I screwed up the household finance very early in our marriage. I didn't pay attention and quickly over spent a couple of months in a row. So for about a year and a half, he took back from the duty of managing the finance, paying the bills, etc.
So how do you get him to comply? You get him between a rock and a hard place, literally in the one place men are the weakest.....sexually. Ahh, the power of sex. However there is one thing to keep in mind, you can only take the sexual blackmail thing so far because we have all been given the ability to take matter in our own hand through masturbation. Not only that, but as a friend of mine said, there is an ancient chinese proverb "Woman who puts man in dog house to long will soon find him in cat house". In other words, you can refuse sex to your partner only so long, because eventually they will find it elsewhere, either by themselves or with another person. Enter, The Cock Cuff !I was surfing around last night and I got it, you know the moment. I found something that I think I can buy that will do the trick for me. This male chastity device is a police quality handcuff with a tube attached. What you do is put the guys cock into the tube and his balls come out through the bottom,. Then the handcuff portion locks behind his balls, where his genitals connect with his body. When you have him all locked and secure, he cannot remove it without the key. He can't masturbate because he doesn't have access to his penis. He can however pee because a small portion of his penis will come out the other end allowing him to urinate unobstructed. The site I found it on says it is all stainless steel, which means it is perfect for long term where. I searched the internet for more information about this type of chastity device and was able to find a few reference where guys had said they have worn the thing for months on end. The thing that makes this perfect is that he can continue his normal everyday activities, but it will constantly be there as a reminder. If he ever wants to be unlocked to get sex, he will have to do as I say, otherwise no sex for him and we all know that guys can't go very long with out sex. So he will have to do as I say or he will have to choose to suffer without any sex.
My ideas about how to make this work are still evolving, but I'll let you know shortly how I'm going to use this to gain sexual control without need to be able to physically overpower him, which I couldn't do no matter what.
posted by Dawn | 11:37 AM
| link
| 5 comments |
Saturday, November 06, 2004
A Little About Us.
Dennis is a clean cut, handsome mid thirties guy. He has a very creative imagination that I just hate. I hate it because I will never be able to match his level of creativity. Dennis also enjoys the very kinky side of sex. When we met, I was very plain Jane vanilla, but I had a kinky side to me that I didn't really know about. Over the years, Dennis has help bring that out in me in a variety of ways. Some of them by just being great at scheming . Dennis also works in a very high pressure world and thus, when not working he is submissive for the most part. Because he spends his days telling people what to do, when to do it and how to do it, when he comes home, the last thing he want to do is tell me what to do, when to do it and how to do it. Basically he just doesn't want to be in control. To my benefit, that also means that he is very reluctant to whine about being controlled at home.
On the other hand, I spend my day as a secretary. I spend my days being treated like shit by people that think that just because I'm only a secretary, they don't have to show me an respect, can demand all kinds of ridiculous things of me and I'm supposed to just hop to it. I'm 29 and have been for a couple of years now, next year I will be 29 again and so..I'm sure you get the idea.
So basically, when it comes to our life together Dennis is the submissive one and I am the dominant one....Or as I like to say, I'm the princess and Dennis's job is to treat me like the princess I am. I'm not always dominant tho, sometime I like the submissive side. Some of the kinky things that interest me can only be tried and enjoyed if I'm on the submissive role and since I'm in charge, I can freely top from the bottom.
Ok so enough about the background BS, now we can get into the meat of our blog and start talking about all the fun of bondage, bdsm and the kinky fetish play we enjoy.
posted by Dawn | 3:16 AM
| link
| 2 comments |
Friday, November 05, 2004
Welcome
Message
Welcome to our new blog. We hope you will find it enjoyable and informative as we chronicle our exploration of bondage, bdsm and various fetishes that interest us. For the most part, I will be telling you about how I'm turning Dennis into the kinked out suffering sex slut that he so desires to be and he will be whining to you about how humiliated he feels.....Enjoy !
posted by Dawn | 11:42 PM
| link
| 4 comments |
About Us and Our Blog
This Blog is about and by Dawn and Dennis, we are couple exploring our interests in bondage, BDSM and various kinky fetishes. It is about how our kinky exploits interweave with there everyday lifestyle. There will be alot of questions and learning as things evolve for us along the way. We hope that you will find our blog and experiences interesting, entertaining and hopefully even hopeful to your life.
Other Blogs
Mistress Matisse
Eros Blog
Recommended Links
Bondage.com
Recent Posts
Christmas Shopping For Bondage Gear
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply - Part 4
High Heels - Punishing and Painful, Why do we wear...
Now that's some Exciting Oral !
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply - Part 3
Milking your Cow and I'm not talking about Farm An...
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply - Part 2
Why do women think porn is gross ?
Forcing your Male Submissive to Comply
A Little About Us.
Archives
November 2004
Want to E-mail Me ?
BondageDawn "AT" Hotmail.com