https://www.bondagepadowan.tumblr.com
Underpants
Apparently I'm a fucktoy
18+ No minors. No self-promote. No thinspiration. No raceplay. This list is getting tedious.
requests?
Submit
Search
My Pages
Frequently Asked QuestionsAmazon WishlistTasteful and Artistic NudesMe and My PartnerMy Gorgeous Mug
Blog Tools
Archive
RSS
296 notes
January 15, 2016
bondagepadowan:
Please?
She breathed. Not a question really, more of a silent demand. He knew, and didn’t like it.
Please what, Kitten?
Please spank me. Please fuck me. Please bite me. Please use me. Please bruise me.
Please let me cum!
All the words she couldn’t say ran through her brain. She stubbornly kept her mouth shut, embarrassed and ashamed of the filthy little slut she had become.
He patted her head, the most physical contact they had had since they started. Goosebumps ran down her spine.
I can’t give you what you want unless you say it…… Kitten.
With a smirk, he was gone, leaving her to think about her stubbornness. Shamed and depraved, she knew the punishments would only get worse if  she came now, all by herself in the corner where he’d left her.
Filed under nsfw petite tan slut bdsm bondage kink dd/lg spanking story kinky erotica lingerie boudoir lace black lace lace panties lace bra black bra black panties lace stockings lace tights thigh highs garter garter belt sexy
120 notes
January 14, 2016
bondagepadowan:
I feel like a Victoria’s Secret model! Aaaah!
….except that the bra is M&S and the panties are Aerie…. whoops!
Filed under nsfw pin-up pinupgirl bra panties lace lace panties lace bra red panties cute sexy smoulder belly button boobs ass hips tits petite slim curvy
11 notes
January 13, 2016
d-and-c-vs-theworld asked:
Hi! Was wondering if you knew any other blogs of girls who have similar body types as you do? Brown skin too lol. My gf and i love girls who look similar to her.
Ps you're beautiful!
Brown-skinned beauties, do us all a favor! Like/reblog this so we can get a nice list going!
110 notes
January 13, 2016
I miss how the sunlight used to stream through that room(Source: bondagepadowan)
Filed under nsfw nude artistic nude tasteful nude hair hairy boobs tits nipples ass pussy hairy pussy crotch abs belly button thin slim
126 notes
January 12, 2016
worldoffetish:
bondagepadowan:
I tried a gif app! What do you think?
Great!  What app did you use?  We’d love to give this one a go ;-)
I recorded this on my iphone in the “slomo” mode, then cut it in the 5Sgif app (link to the itunes description). However, I think that Tumblr’s gifing tool is better quality, honestly. At the time that I took this video that tool did not exist :T
126 notes
January 12, 2016
bondagepadowan:
I tried a gif app! What do you think?
I’m still amazed that my ass turned into a non-Newtonian fluid during my spanking
Filed under nsfw ass spanking butt spankable gif nsfw gif slowmotion petite ass play bdsm submissive
2 notes
January 11, 2016
angelotheram asked:
I was making fun of gpshapesbbq in my last post. My sarcasm may have been lost over asks, so my apologies.
Thank you for clarifying! I’m so sorry for being snarky at you.
2 notes
January 11, 2016
Peace to you.AND THIS IS HOW YOU GET BLOCKED. I don’t force my morals or values on you. Don’t you dare try to force me to adhere to yours. Don’t try to brush this bullshit attitude of yours off by saying “peace to you”. You do not wish me peace. If you did you wouldn’t bombard me with your propaganda. I’m not even addressing your political preferences at this point. Do not harass and belittle me on my own blog.
Filed under submission racism racist nazi tw: racism get of my lawn
4 notes
January 11, 2016
angelotheram asked:
Yeah, where are you from, just want to make sure it's ok to beat off to your pictures lol
What difference does it make where I’m from? Let’s be honest here, you’re still going to jack off to my pictures whether you know where I’m from or not.
9 notes
January 11, 2016
gpshapesbbq-deactivated20160113 asked:
Sorry not precisely where you are just nation curious lol and National Socialism is just a political viewpoint. Do you hate communists?
I don’t have to satisfy your curiosity. I tried to say “no” gracefully but you didn’t take the hint. I don’t hate communists. I hate anyone who intentionally and with proper education still decides that a political viewpoint that propagates hate and racial discrimination is an acceptable political viewpoint to hold.
Next page
Page 1 of 53
We love Tumblr & Stationery by Thijs