https://www.bondagejunkies.com
BondageJunkies: Bondage. Done. Tight.
login: guest
WARNING: This website contains adult imagery and video that includes (but not exclusive to) full and partial nudity, bondage, mummification, chastity belts, and BDSM (Bondage, Discipline, Dominance, Submission, Sadomasochism) and is intended for mature adults only. By entering this site, you agree to the following:
I am an adult, at least 18 years of age, and I have the legal right to possess adult material in my local community, state and/or country.
I will not repost, sell, copy or in any way distribute material from this site.
I will not permit any minors to have access to any of the materials from this site.
I understand any material downloaded from this site is for my own personal entertainment.
I understand and agree to abide by the standards and laws of my local community, state and/or country. I understand sexually-explicit material depicting bondage, s&m and other fetish activities is allowed laws of my community, state and/or country.
I am voluntarily choosing to access this site because I want to view, read and/or hear the various materials on the site.
I agree that photography and video depicting persons being penetrated by objects such as vibrators or dildos is not obscene or offensive in any way. In addition, I do not believe that such material could be considered obscene or offensive.
I agree that I shall not hold the owners of the website or its employees responsible for any objectionable website materials.
I understand this site is not responsible for any site or the contents of any site it may link to.
I have carefully read the above and agree to all of them.
I Agree    I Disagree
Our Internet Family
Gaggedutopia's Story Archive
Bondageutopia
The Bound Forum
Our Internet BFFs
Quality Control
Conversation Piece
Christina's Restraint Services
More Links ...
OMG, do you social network?
Follow, friend, subscribe, re-blog, heart and re-tweet as fast as your fingers will go! Who said we were anti-social?
$ Webmasters $
Copyright © BondageJunkies 2016. All Rights Reserved.U.S.C. Title 18, Section 2257 compliance notice.