https://www.bondpics.com
BONDPICS
Finest Bondage Photography
HOME
FAQ
MEMBERS AREA
TOPLINKS
CONTACT US
JOIN NOW
Enter
YOU ARE ABOUT TO ENTER A SITE CONTAINING ADULT MATERIAL
You must fully understand the laws and standards of the community to which you are transporting this adult material and you must assume all the liability for violating such laws and standard by entering this site. You may not allow any minor to view any of the material or images found by accessing this site. By entering, you are releasing and discharging the providers, owners and creators of this site from any and all liability which might arise. All text, titles, pictures and the website itself are protected under applicable copyright laws and may not be reproduced by any means. All models and talent herein were over the age of 21 at the time of photography. The owners of this site would like you to know that the content herein is not designed to degrade women
If you are offended by nudity or images of women tied and bound, DO NOT ENTER.
The age limit to view this material may be 18 or 21, depending on your location. Access is prohibited in any Community, County, State or Country where adult material is specifically prohibited by law or is a violation of community standards. It is your responsibility to find out the age requirement and legality of this site as it applies to you in your area and community. If you are unclear as to your communities standards concerning the viewing of adult material, are under the age of eighteen (18), find such material offensive, or do not agree with any of the statements made on this page,click BACK on your browser or click EXIT below.
By clicking on the ENTER button below I, under penalties of perjury, solemnly declare and affirm as follows:
1) I am not less than 18 years of age (over 21 in AL, MS, NE and WY). 2) I do NOT live in a state or country where viewing adult images is against the law. 3) The material I am viewing is for my own personal use and isn’t to be viewed by minors or anyone else but myself. 4) I can stop receiving such material at any time by logging off now and not returning. 5) I believe, that as an adult, I’ve the unalienable right to read and/or view any type of material that I choose. 6) That at no time will minors be subjected to said material of any kind. 7) By going to the home page and/or looking at anything on this site, I agree that the material contained herein is not obscene or offensive in any way nor could ever be construed to be so, nor could any sexually explicit material of any kind ever be considered obscene or offensive. 8) All of the above is true and understood.
All models located within our domain were 21 years of age or older at the time of photography. For our american friends: all content and images are in full compliance with the requirements of 18 U.S.C. 2257 and associated regulations. Model releases and proof of age for each model are held by bondpics.com.
ENTER
EXIT
© 2016 BONDPICS. All Rights Reserved.
You can cancel your membership here.