https://www.bondagephotos.tumblr.com
Bondage Photos
Bondage Photos
Stacy pulls a fast one on gorgeous, busty babe Hunter as she holds her up with the blunt end of a marker (but don’t tell Hunter…she thinks it’s a gun). Stacy forces her to kick off her high heels, pull off her stockings, and tells her to sit the fuck down. She stuffs her own stockings right into her mouth then seals her mouth shut tight with gauze wrap. The fun continues as she binds her wrists up behind her back and ties her ankles together. One benefit is that you get to see her sexy bare feet. Last but not least, Stacy unbuttons Hunters top and exposes her nice boobs! Pretty hot. After being left alone she stands up in her leather miniskirt and tries to hop around while gag-talking. This girl is perfect. You’ll see what I mean when she bends over on the couch. Some quality bondage here. Download Hunter now!  http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
66 notes
Tagged: Hunter, gagged, exposed, tied up, bondage, panties, feet, .
Busty blonde Jessie gets jumped by Stacy then immediately gets taped and bound. If you’re not familiar with this girl, she’s smoking hot and has awesome tits. Her super long hair is tied up in a bun today and she’s got on an incredibly tight top and some leggings that show off every damn curve in her sexy body. Stacy tapes her ankles together, then cleave gags her, then wraps more tape around her head to keep her mouth sealed shut. It’s fun to watch her get pushed around. Stacy lifts up her top, then lifts up her sports bra, exposing her luscious knockers. The taping continues then Stacy decides to leave her alone. Jessie kicks off her boots, and her white cotton socks, and proceeds to hop around the floor barefoot. We’ve got some good clips of this curvy goddess so check her out!  http://escapevideos.com/
Posted 8 months ago
34 notes
Tagged: Jessie, nice tits, exposed, taped, barefoot, bondage, .
Exotic doll Mina, bound and cleave gagged in pantyhose, black high heels, a cotton top, and a miniskirt!   http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
11 notes
Tagged: Mina, high heels, cleave gagged, bondage, .
Busty cutie Felicia, tied up tightly and cleave gagged in white high heels, knee socks, a miniskirt and a cleavage-revealing top! This gallery is part one of two.   http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
21 notes
Tagged: Felicia, busty, bondage, miniskirt, .
Our exclusive model, sexy blonde Nastasia tied up, gagged with tape, and exposed in high heels, pantyhose, a tight miniskirt and a top pulled down to show off her huge tits! Nastasia is one of the most popular models on this website!   http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
27 notes
Tagged: Nastasia, exposed, tits, tape gagged, bondage, .
Busty, dark-haired model Christina issues a challenge to our most popular model, pretty blonde Jenny, to see if she can escape her bondage! So, let’s get started! Christina in in high heels, pantyhose, a miniskirt, and a tight pink sweater that highlight her nice tits. Jenny starts off cinching her wrists together behind her back. She then binds up her ankles and ties more rope around her chest. To finish things off, she stuffs Christina’s mouth with a gag then seals it all together with tape. And of course, she lifts up her pink top and pulls out her nice tits. To humiliate her, jenny whips out her cell phone and records some of it to share online! Ha! Check out the ending and see if Christina gets free.  http://escapevideos.com/
Posted 8 months ago
36 notes
Tagged: Christina, Jenny, bondage, exposed, tits, tape gagged, .
Ken is looking for some information and Kessie is not in the mood to give it up. Too bad for her. Ken already has her wrists tied up behind her back. hepushes her down a hallway, shoves her down on the couch, the starts to bind her ankles together. She’s in a ripped pair of jeans, pantyhose, and a tight sweater. Since she’s not willing to give up the location of the cash, she gets cleave gagged really tightly, then her sweater turtleneck gets pulled up over her head, followed by some tape wrapped around her head. Gotta love the gag-talking. Ken even goes as far as lifting up her sweater to squeeze her nice tits. This blonde is seriously sexy and looks good bound and gagged with her boobs hanging out. Download Jessie’s latest clip today!  http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
26 notes
Tagged: Jessie, bondage, exposed, fondled, groped, gagged, .
Here’s a hot video of Nastasia getting a huge ball gag stuffed into her mouth. The clip starts off with her goofing off (what else in new) then quickly moves into her getting hogtied by Stacy. A super-tight hogtie, by the way. Check out those pantyhose-covered soles! After that she gets a huge, blue ball stuffed into her pie-hole and her top pulled down exposing her enormous breasts. Watch her roll around the floor and struggle and try to talk through her gag which just turns into drool. She’s a busty babe with bodacious bondage skills. Check it out, yo.
Posted 8 months ago
68 notes
Tagged: Nastasia, ball gagged, exposed tits, bondage, blonde, hogtie, .
Pretty blonde Thalia, bound and cleave gagged in black high heels, pantyhose, a miniskirt, and a tight cotton top!   http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
204 notes
Tagged: Thalia, blonde, bondage, .
Our exclusive model, sexy blonde Lila, tied up tightly and ball gagged in high heels, tight blue jeans, and a plaid top!   http://www.capturedsnapshots.com/
Posted 8 months ago
25 notes
Tagged: Lila, ball gagged, bondage, .
Next page →
Welcome to Bondage Photos where we feature pics from our website Captured Snapshots and video screen grabs from Escape Videos!
Our passion is photographing pretty girls bound and gagged. We find only the hottest, sexiest models for bondage photos. And many of our girls are exclusive only to our website.
All images are property of Ken and Stacy at CapturedSnapshots.com.
Captured Snapshots is one of the largest bondage photo sites on the Internet. You'll find pretty girls bound and gagged in sexy street clothes, lingerie, pantyhose, stockings, socks and heels.
We have a knack for finding gorgeous girls that you won't see on any other bondage sites. Many girls are first-timers that have never been bound and gagged before!
Click here for more bondage photos. We've got over 115,000 original, exclusive, high-res bondage photos.
My blog
All of Tumblr
Follow on Tumblr
Following
RSS feed
Random
Archive
Mobile
© 2013–2016 Powered by Tumblr