https://www.boo-loo.net
LagunaBlends - Find your Balance
Toggle Navigation
Your Life Opportunity
Your Health Products
Your Wealth Company
Your Time Community
Investors
Get Updates
Get Updates
Industry
The main markets currently for hemp are the health foods, functional foods, ingredients, natural body care and cosmetics, birdseed and pet/veterinarian
markets. Currently, the principal hemp markets are for hemp seed. Hemp seed attracts commercial interest because of its high
protein and essential fatty acid profile. Most hemp seed (whether in seed, oil, flour/powder or in finished foods) goes into the
health food sectors. There is also a growing market in cosmetics and body care products for hemp oil.
Retail sales of all Canadian-derived hemp seed products are estimated to be as high as US $20-$40 million annually.
The Hemp Industries Associates ("HIA") estimates that the total U.S. retail value of hemp products in 2012 was nearly $500 million,which includes food and body products, clothing, auto parts, building, materials and other products.
Learn More
Coffee Industry
Coffee is big business! By using people's habits, rather than changing them, we leverage everyday products to create an opportunity
of a lifetime. Laguna's unique Hemp Coffee products will allow its affiliates to harness some undeniably lucrative megatrends.
How would you like to benefit every time your friends and family drink something they already drink regularly, and give them a much
healthier alternative?
Health Industry
Wellness can be defined as a state of complete physical, mental, and social well-being. It goes beyond mere freedom from disease
of infirmity and emphasizes the proactive maintenance and improvement of health. Expressed on a continuum that extends from
reactive to proactive approaches to health, wellness falls firmly on the proactive side, incorporating attitudes
and activities that prevent disease, improve health, enhance quality of life, and bring a person to increasingly optimum levels of
well-being.
Laguna Blends Inc. ("Laguna") is a network marketing company focused on the health benefits that are derived
from Hemp. Laguna has independent affiliates that generate retail sales and have the ability to recruit other
affiliates. Affiliates utilize the latest tools and technology to build an international
business from the comfort of their own home, or while travelling.
Laguna's first products to be launched are functional beverages that provide high levels of protein and or nutrition.
Laguna's products are made from high quality hemp protein.
Some of the current Laguna Products are:
Caffé - an instant coffee beverage that is infused with whey and hemp protein
Learn More
Pro369 - a variety of unique single serving ("on the go") hemp protein powder drink mix with
various flavours
Learn More
The hemp proteins are water-soluble and can be directly mixed in with water or added to milk, almond milk, or coconut milk.
The hemp protein can also be blended in a shake.
Get Updates
Get Updates
Products
©2015 Laguna Blends Inc.