https://www.boobleblog.blogspot.com
The Booble Blog
The Booble Blog
All the best boobie clothes for you in Second Life!
Friday, October 26, 2012
One HUD to adjust them all...
Today I'm not writing about an outfit.  Today I'm writing about a revolutionary new HUD for those of us with prim breasts.
With the different breasts on the market, plus the different sizes people set them to on their avatars, sometimes clothing appliers don't fit right for everyone.  Perhaps it's just a few pixels, or something that requires a lot of nit-picky editing.
Well that's where this new tool comes in!
Compatible with :Mused: full breasts and milk made breasts, eCorp, Lolas, iboobs, eboobs, and foxbean.
You apply the texture with the HUD on and then adjust it with the settings.  Mark it as a favorite and it will pull up the texture and positioning for you from memory!  It has the ability to change the texture repeat, offset, rotation, and different incremental strengths to work with, as well as a button to display the settings in local chat so you may use them for your your applier scripts.
This HUD is only available at the Mused sim, which is here: :Mused: and can be yours for the low low sum of...1L!
~Moo!
Posted by
Little Fang
at
9:52 PM
1 comment:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Thursday, October 11, 2012
Greetings!  This is me, Kira Moo, and this is my new blog that will revolve around cute clothing made for us that sport sexy prim breasts!
For my first post, I have discovered a new shop and snagged their cute freebie from the group! This cute little dress is from Patchwork Hearts.
The quality is great, the textures seem to fit well, and it comes with a couple of big named appliers such as Mused (both full breasts and milk made) and Lolas.
Please go check out their main shop: Patchwork Hearts
Farewell, and Moo!
Pictured:
Animal Instinct Dress, Leopard Black by PWH
Rose Vine Cuffs by [FPI]
Horns, Tail, Spots, Breasts by :Mused:
Ears, Eartag, Feet by KMS (Mine!)
Swift w/Roots -strawberry hair Truth
Posted by
Little Fang
at
3:29 PM
No comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Past Posts
Past Posts
October (2)
Watermark template. Powered by Blogger.