https://www.boobs-cam-lz.psl.lt
Boobs, Butts, and Beyond
Boobs, Butts, and Beyond
Home
Ask
Submit
Wish ListsFAQFor PurchaseJust Mia
Themes
21 year old bisexual submissive student. I love spankings, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and people who love themselves. I am one part exhibitionism, two parts narcissism, and you may call me Mia!
18+ ONLY
For mobile users: Wish Lists FAQ For Purchase
10037
1089243
chraystmaseve:
omgoswin:
kylesbogusjourney:
Female privilege is getting to claim a headache to avoid sex.
Female oppression is having to claim physical illness to avoid sex because men won’t take a simple fucking “no” for an answer.
Female oppression is men being so entitled that they think being denied sex is oppressive.
#OOOO FUCKING OWND YOU GOT FUCKING SLAM DUNKED SON YOU’RE GONNA NEED LIKE TEN FEDORAS TO COVER THAT BRUISE FUCKNUTS
2017
rabtownsend:
hands and the body.
Photographer: Rab Townsend
Model: tlcrmt
I’m not a person who is typically surprised by stretch marks or scars. Everybody has their own unique markings. But as a photographer who has primarily worked with friends and acquaintances, many of them are not confident about letting them show in their photos. It took me a while to notice it, even, but T had scars from a breast reduction - a type of scarring which I had never seen before. Pretty comfortable in her skin, she didn’t encourage me to hide it, so I went the opposite extreme and accentuated every mark.
Again, you might notice how preoccupied I became with her hands.
At least leave the credits intact if you reblog.
12156
6
Anonymous: Every time I see your photos I'm amazed how beautiful you are. I hope that you know this and remember it! This is really what I needed to hear today. Thank you. 😘
37
boobs-butts-and-beyond:
How intense the spanking seems depends on the angle. I thought it was pretty hard.
6797
salomesnotsobad:
I NEED this, though.
604
kinkyreblogs:
Lovely knots on dark skin!
56466
fatfeministfetishist:
oop it me
4962
annieelainey:
Whenever I push myself to do the things I’m afraid of, whenever I push myself to be visible, the emotional reward is always so worth it. Through my body dysphoria, through my physical pain, I love my body and I love myself, and that love was and continues to be worth the work. It is a daily fight but it fills me up with light and keeps me moving forward.
These photos are a part of “Self Revealed” The Naked Photography Project. For over a year, photographer Elizabeth Sanjuan continues to photograph over 100 women, giving women of all ages, race, and size the opportunity to express and validate beauty on their terms. The exhibit will have it’s opening reception on January 9, 2016 at Gallery 2014 in Fort Lauderdale, FL.
435
twcgentleman13:
“What matters most: What he had yearned to embrace was not the flesh but a downy spirit, a spark, the impalpable angel that inhabits the flesh. Wind, Sand and Stars.”
– Richard Bach
( Sculptural Curves by Klaus Kampert )
1356
boobs-butts-and-beyond:
Good morning
52
66418
“I’m an adult”punkins-posts:
I whisper in disbelief as I arrange my stuffed animals before settling down for my nap.
195
porn4ladies:
remember those dark days when you couldn’t even reblog questions
But we had replies soooooo trade off
1
2
3
4
5