https://www.booty-ghetto.blogspot.com
ghetto booty
ghetto booty
Sunday, January 29, 2006
CLICK
HERE ENTER PHAT BOOTY HOES
Whats Ghetto Booty?1. ghetto bootya term used when you see a girl with a firm, big, tight packed ass. {most black girls have ghetto booties} "dawg, look at that girls ghetto booty! 2. ghetto bootyA woman with an extremely large sized glutious maximus.Did you see Anna? Damn that girl has a ghetto booty!3. ghetto bootyThe way a fine lady's rear can be seen from both the front and the back. Race is irrelevant. If you're fairly weak and can't handle a real piece of ass you probably have no love the the "ghetto booty" and further more,don't have any business even thinking about doggystyle. Many white people do not understand how important the ghetto booty truly is. I am white and their mistake is MY GAIN!when I got behind her you should have seen the way I made her ghetto booty jiggle!4. ghetto bootyLarge, round, firm hindquarters,generally associated with, but not limited to the african american female. Also, a good place to set one's beer while engaged in the doggystyle position. Not to be confused with ghetto-way booty.Yo, check out the ghetto booty on her!5. ghetto bootybest lookin booty out thereAnna S. got a ghetto booty look at it mmmmmmm yum6. ghetto bootya big booty that when you turn your back people say damn thats a nice ass!7. ghetto bootya girl that has a big ass, really big that when guys see it they holla at youlook that girl got a ghetto booty8. Ghetto Booty(n.) The exceptionally formed buttocks of a woman (usually black, often latin, rarely white, never asian) that strains the "normal" aesthetic boundaries of size, shape and proportion.Most hip hop videos contain an abundance of ghetto booty.9. ghetto bootydescribes females with serious package in the rear. Always out of proportion to the remainder of the bdy, but still nice looking.J-Lo has a ghetto booty10. ghetto bootythe jennifer lopez bootyguy 1: that girl got a sweet assguy 2: yeah she got a ghetto bootyBig booty hoes
¶ 5:32 PM 12 comments
links to this post
A blog dedicated to the big ghetto booty lovers!
Booty Related Sites:
Links:
More Ghetto Booty @ havanaporn.com
Big Booty Movies @ bootyprovider.com
HOT BOOTY
Phat
Booty Hunter
Ass
Like That
Phat
Booty Hoes
Bubble
Butt Orgy
Phat
White Booty
Brazil
Bang
Bal
Honeys
Ass
Parade
Ghetto
Hoochies
Sexy
Round Asses
Big
Tits Round Asses
Booty
Seeker
Booty
Breakers
BrazilBootyBangers
Tasty
Brazilian Ass
ARCHIVES
2006-01-29 /