https://www.canadiandawn.com
Real Sexy Tits - All Natural Busty Beauties
In consideration of DAWN'S PLACE LTD, operating as realsexytits.com ("Real Sexy Tits") allowing me access to XXX amateur adult erotic materials such as video, pictures, stories and chat I wish to view, I enter into a contract with Real Sexy Tits and warrant and represent as follows:
I am either 18 years of age or older, or the age of majority in my jurisdiction. I have the legal right to obtain and possess adult oriented material such as video, pictures, and stories in my jurisdiction and in my community.
I enter into this contract freely and as my own wish. I do not find XXX amateur adult erotic images, photos, videos, pictures, stories, chat descriptions or depiction of sexual activities, nudity or similar matters to be either offensive or objectionable.
In the event that I do find any material on the Real Sexy Tits Web site such as XXX
amateur adult erotic videos, pictures, stories or chat to be offensive or objectionable, I agree to immediately stop viewing the amateur XXX amateur adult videos, pictures stories and/or chat and destroy any copies of the XXX amateur adult erotic videos, pictures stories and/or chat on my computer or otherwise available to me. Any and all XXX amateur adult erotic videos, pictures or other material I download, view or receive from Real Sexy Tits is strictly for my own personal use.
I will not copy, distribute or publish the XXX amateur adult erotic videos, pictures, stories, chat or other material to anyone else or post the material in newsgroups or on any web site.
I recognize that the material is subject to copyright laws and is the exclusive property of Real Sexy Tits or its licensors.
I will not do anything or omit to do anything which would allow to any of the material I download, view or receive from Real Sexy Tits to anyone under the full age of 18 years, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which they are located, whichever.
I agree that it is important to prevent access to such material by anyone under the age of legal majority and I will fully cooperate in the efforts of Real Sexy Tits to avoid such access being available.
I take full responsibility for downloading, viewing and receiving any materials I access from Real Sexy Tits and I warrant and represent that such material is not in breach of the standards and laws of my community and jurisdiction. I will
indemnify DAWN'S PLACE LTD for any losses suffered should I breach this contract. By clicking on
I warrant and verify that I agree to the above and that it is true and correct. I enter into a valid and enforceable contract with Real Sexy Tits in consideration of being granted access to this Web site and material contained on it. If I do not agree, or if I am not of the full age of adult legal majority in my jurisdiction, I will click on .
$
Webmasters $ | Members |
JOIN HERE
Contact
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement