https://www.candicedarlington.tumblr.com
Candice Darlington's Feminization Feed
Candice Darlington's Feminization Feed
*Warning NSFW* Welcome to my little corner of the web, where I'll be sharing all the pictures, stories, and links that I enjoy or find hot, and that I deem worthy of sharing with all of you. (I do not claim IP rights to any of the pictures on my tumblr. All the content either comes from reblogging or other sources. I always try to find the owner/source of the picture. If anything belongs to you and you don't want it here, let me know and I'll remove it.)
14 12 / 2015
This is so hot omg(Source: kinkycamera, via dexsplace)
Permalink 758 notes
11 10 / 2015
This is so HOT!!(Source: femmeside)
Permalink 46 notes
29 9 / 2015
shiny-passions:Latex http://latex-passion.blogspot.com/
New aesthetic crush: Futuristic Pastel Goth(via dexsplace)
Permalink 54 notes
24 9 / 2015
mykindagurlz:Wow!!
Holy crap this is HOT!!(Source: straponsissy)
Permalink 399 notes
24 9 / 2015
Growing a penis at 12: the ‘Guevedoce’ boys of the Dominican Republic
houseofalexzander:
By Dr Michael Mosely
I hated going through puberty; voice cracking, swinging moods, older brother laughing at me. But compared to Johnny, who lives in a small town in the Dominican Republic, I had it easy.
We came across Johnny when we were filming for a new BBC2 series, “Countdown to Life”, which looks at the consequences of normal, and abnormal, developments in the womb.
Johnny is known as a “Guevedoce”, which literally means, “penis at twelve”. And the reason he’s called that is because, like 1 in 90 of the boys in the area, he first started to grow a penis when he was going through puberty.
Guevedoces are also sometimes called “machihembras” meaning “first a woman, then a man”. When they’re born they look like girls with no testes and what appears to be a vagina. It is only when they near puberty that the penis grows and testicles descend.
Johnny, who is now in his 20s, was once known as Felicita. He was brought up as a girl and remembers going to school in a little red dress.
When he was young he would happily play with other little girls, but after the age of seven he started to change
“I did not feel good, I no longer liked to wear a skirt, and I was no longer drawn to play with girls. All I wanted to do is play with toy guns and boys”
When he turned obviously male he was teased at school because”, as he put it, “it is hard to imagine a girl that is now is a boy”.
^^Johnny
One of the first people to study this unusual condition was Dr Julianne Imperato, a Cornell endocrinologist. She travelled to this remote part of the Dominican Republic in the 1970s because of strange rumours about girls turning into boys
She eventually unraveled the mystery of what is going on and by doing so helped make a surprising medical breakthrough.
At conception we all inherit a set of genes from our parents that will, in time instruct our bodies to make us male or female. But for the first few weeks of our lives human embryos are neither. Instead we have a protrusion called a tubercle. If you’re genetically male the Y chromosome instructs the gonads to become testicles. They also send testosterone to the tubercle, where it is converted into a potent hormone called dihydro-testosterone This transforms the tubercle into a penis. If you’re female and don’t make dihydro-testosterone then your tubercle becomes a clitoris.
When Dr Imperato investigated the Guavadoces she discovered the reason they don’t have male genitalia at birth is because they are deficient in an enzyme called 5-α-reductase, which normally converts testosterone into dihydro-testosterone. So they appear female when they are born, but around puberty, when they get another surge of testosterone, they sprout muscles, testes and a penis.
Apart from being slightly undersized everything works and the Guavadoces normally live out their lives as men, albeit with wispy beards and small prostates.
By a quirk of chance Dr Imperato’s research was picked up by the American pharmaceutical giant, Merck. They used her discovery to create a drug called finasteride, which blocks the action of 5-α-reductase. IT is now widely used to treat benign enlargement of the prostate and male pattern baldness. For which, I’m sure, many men are truly grateful
Since he’s become male Johnny has had a number of short term girlfriends, but he is still looking for the love of his life. “I’d like to get married and have children, a partner who will stand by me through good and bad”, he sighs wistfully.
__________________________________
Came across this story today and found it compelling for many reasons. Particularly the fact that although teased occasionally by peers, the people of this village have no problem embracing, accepting and continuing to love individuals like Johnny. That’s inspiring to me!
Please note: I did not write this article, nor claiming that I did. This publication has been sourced properly and incase you would like to view the original, below is also a direct link!
Original Article: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/11874983/Dr-Michael-Mosely-growing-a-penis-at-12.html
Xoxo
-Elliott Alexzander
Permalink 680 notes
15 9 / 2015
cocodahlia:Goin full doll and never goin back😋
This is insanely hot!!
-Candice
Permalink 101 notes
04 9 / 2015
beautiful-tg:
Jeanne Lazareva for http://beautiful-tg.tumblr.com
I love her style, even if it is super tacky
Permalink 247 notes
30 8 / 2015
2nd blog!
Hey everyone, you should totally check out my new blog that I started recently, www.big-butts-plus.tumblr.com Hope to see you all there ;)
-Candice
Permalink 1 note
04 8 / 2015
Childhood friends marry after one becomes a woman
This is cuuuute!(Source: a-female-as-a-defective-male)
Permalink 3 notes
15 7 / 2015
(Source: spectacular-view, via dexsplace)
Permalink 7,023 notes
14 7 / 2015
Reblog If you’re a NSFW tumblr So We Can Find Each Other
(via cant-be-a-mann)
Permalink 46,027 notes
18 6 / 2015
Reblog if you think a boy can wear a dress
(Source: empty-faygo-bottle, via thelifeofsarah84-deactivated201)
Permalink 283,055 notes
12 6 / 2015
lucycadence:
I am getting really sick of all the ‘sissy’ blogs that follow me and reblog my photos. I don’t have any problem with people having their own kinks, sharing photos about it or what ever but please remember, I AM NOT A SISSY OR A CROSSDRESSER. I am a woman. My identity is not a kink or a fetish, it’s who I am and I would very much like it if more people respected that. I don’t want my face on your sissy dreams blog or what ever it is.
Thank you.
Let me start off by saying, I’m sorry if I offend any trans women on here that I follow or reblog from.
I’m in a weird place in my life and for me while it may have started out as a bit of curiosity with a fetish, it has grown to be so much more of a confusing grey mess in my head.
What I have learned (I think) is that for me the feminine and female form are things that I admire, want to take some part in (even if just cross dressing), and form a relationship with. I’m attracted to women as well as other crossdressers, and trans women. I see trans women as women and think they are both equally attractive.
If I reblog a trans woman on my page, it’s because I think she’s beautiful and attractive in the same way any woman would be, or because I aspire to look just as good as her.
Anyways, sorry if I offended you in any way
-A confused fan/admirer(Source: lucycadence, via thelifeofsarah84-deactivated201)
Permalink 292 notes
11 6 / 2015
Please reblog if you wouldn’t mind a genderfluid using the bathroom of their desired gender.
official-yang-xiao-long:
Everytime I identify as a boy I hate having to use the girls restrooms, but out of fear of being hurt I have no choice. I wanna know someone would support me.(via thelifeofsarah84-deactivated201)
Permalink 84,599 notes
18 3 / 2015
zarakane:Heading out into Manchester to make a nuisance of myself again with my new sidekick Jake :P
Sometimes I really wish I lived in the UK 😔. So many cool people over there!😎
Permalink 328 notes
« Older entries
Archive
Ask me anything
RSS
Powered by Tumblr and designed by Kcmr.