https://www.cangal-web.com
British School Singapore canes,birch rods,rattan canes punishment discipline cane
... as wicked as they are beautifulby
WhypDancer
Wishing you a fantastic 2016!
Your angelic cane maker, WhypDancer (Fran)
Wicked, exceptional rattan canes backed by a lifetime guarantee, starting at $17!
Welcome to Canes4pain.com -- home of the very finest rattan disciplinary canes
for spanking, discipline & BDSM!
Canes available in the
Royal Pains Collection
Fast worldwide shipping!
Lifetime Guarantee!
BDSM Cane handle topped with sterling silver
Monster Face Cane with working wartenburg pinwheel
Commissioned cane raised from flat sheets of sterling silver. The rose is 5.5"
across, 5" tall, and sits atop a perfectly balanced 5/8-3/4"
Malacca
cane. This cane was made to be used and was first shown playing in
public during the re-opening weekend of The Crucible in Washington, D.C.
"Lily"
Lily: Life sized Lily of the Valley, raised
from sterling silver sheet, sits atop a burning 9mm rattan cane.
Each of the 31 florets with pearl stamens sways independently on the
stalk, giving the most beautiful jingling sound when Lily is in motion.
This commissioned piece took 2.5 years to complete.
Canes4pain's
canes
are perfect for Corporal Punishment, Domestic Discipline, BDSM or
Spanking, in styles ranging from 14k Gold, Sterling Silver and
gemstone-accented works of art to the Classics- the Singapore Punishment
Cane & Crook-Handled British School Cane, and everything in between.
Whether your main interest is Domestic Discipline,  OTK (over the
knee) Spanking applications, or just some good BDSM play, you will find
the perfect cane here!
One of our canes in the hands of award-winning
actress Jessica Lange graced the cover of Entertainment Weekly Magazine!
American Horror Story Canes are available on the
Wickedly Traditional Page
Each cane is hand made
by WhypDancer, exclusively from Premium Quality Rattan imported from
Malaysia.  I work with Malaysian Rattan because after years of
testing, I feel its superb quality is the very best.  Its fine straightness &
flexibility allow me to offer canes of a consistently superior quality.
Try them, I know you will love the difference made by this Premium
Quality Rattan cane stock that I use!
Each cane is sanded by hand, shaped, decorated, perfectly hydrated,
thoroughly saturated with pure linseed
oil, and tested~by me. All Canes4pain® canes are brand spanking new.
Strength and flexibility are tested on inanimate objects, never on
flesh. Each cane is treated to achieve unmatched quality, beauty, &
effectiveness. Your new canes are guaranteed to get attention, whether
being shown off to your colleagues at a spanking party, for their style
& elegance which is only matched by their ability to raise red welts.  Either way,
they will pass their colors & stripes test for you with flying colors!
Do you prefer your canes thin and whippy... ?
Thick and thuddy... ?
Modern or classic...  ?
whatever your preference, whether your new cane is for
Behavior Correction/Modification, Domestic Discipline, Corporal
Punishment- CP, Over The Knee- OTK, Spanking, and you are a Spanker and
Spankee, Dominant, submissive, Master, Mistress, Dom, Domme,
etc...
the Perfect
Cane is here, backed by a  lifetime guarantee !
Canes4pain...
... canes as wicked as they are beautiful !!!!!
To contact us: email
WhypDancer@Canes4pain.com