https://www.cannonfire.blogspot.com
Cannonfire
News
Memeorandum
The Consortium
Top Secret Writers
Information Clearing
House
Global Research
The Real News
Northwest Research
Media Matters
Democracy Now
Common Dreams
Views
The BDS Movement
Marcy Wheeler
Charles Pierce
Matt
Taibbi
Crooks and Liars
Sky Dancing
The Confluence
Daniel Hopsicker
Moon of Alabama
Phil Ebersole
Daily Howler
Ian Welsh
Make Them
Accountable
Corrente
Debt
Neutrality
Cryptocomb
Critiques of
Libertarianism
Northwest Research
TimesWarp
DAILY PUMA!
firedoglake
Warmonger Report
Naked Capitalism
Craig Murray
Infidel
Lobster
For the Record
Nick Possum, detective
Random Thoughts
Norman Finkelstein
On the Edge
Roger
Ebert
Burton Hersh
Professor Hex
Mythbusting
Free-fall
fallacies
Molten
myths
Steel
temperature truth
Fireproof?
WTC 7
myths
More on WTC 7
The Pentagon
strike
More on
AA77
The collapse
Seismic
sham
False quotes
Explosions within?
"Look, Ma! No
jets!"
"Oomph!"
Lying
videos
Lying
books
Nazi
liars
Funding
BS
The
REAL conspiracy
Friday, January 15, 2016
Hagel: "Assad was never our enemy"
Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel reveals an "unspeakable" truth that an increasing number of people are finding the courage to announce.
“We’ve allowed ourselves to get caught and paralyzed on our Syrian policy by the statement that, ‘Assad must go"... Assad was never our enemy.”The video at the bottom of this post, from 2012, may explain how and why Chuck Hagel came to a view so radically different from that which now prevails in both parties.
In the meantime, I suggest you read this recent interview with Seymour Hersh, which reminds us that we do have powerful allies:
German Economic News:
You recently issued a highly acclaimed essay in the London Review of Books in which you demonstrate that the US military was against the US invasion of Syria, but Obama didn’t listen to their advice. Why?
Hersh: I don’t know, I have no explanation. The fact is that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff had gone to Obama and told him: If Assad falls, chaos will break out. General Dempsey said that we must support Assad against the Islamists. Even the Federal Intelligence Service (BND [Germany’s intelligence agency]) supplied information to the Americans indicating that Assad is firmly supported by the Syrian people. I can’t read the thoughts of the President, but it was clear at the outset that there was no so-called “moderate opposition” [such as Obama constantly referred to]. There were radical Islamists against Assad, but the vast majority of the Syrians were terrified of those fighters as being dangerous crazies. Syrians were fleeing from the Islamists, toward Damascus as refuge, because they felt protected by the Syrian Army. …
The Americans failed on one thing above all: not recognizing that Syria, like Iraq and Libya, was a secular ally of the West. Instead, we overran these countries, overthrew their governments, and helped the rise of our worst enemies — ISIS or Daesh and all the other extreme Sunnis.
German Economic News:
Why didn’t Obama recognize what he was doing?
Seymour Hersh:
I don’t know...These are strange times for a liberal pacifist who came of age during the era of Vietnam protests. I can't find many Democrats who are willing to tell the truth about Syria. Even the socialist running for president refuses to speak with any degree of honesty or courage. Instead, the most candid statements are coming from people within the Defense Department.
I never thought that I would live to see the day...
Permalink
posted: 5:05 PM
0 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
Post a Comment
<< Home
Thursday, January 14, 2016
Starving for truth
Al Jazeera in America is shutting down. Fine by me. They were on board with a recent misinformation campaign intended to demonize the government of Syria. This campaign involved faked images of starvation.
Of course, Al Jazeera is hardly the only culprit. You may have seen that "viral" photo of a pretty Syrian girl who became emaciated and skeletal. The girl is actually Lebanese, she suffered from a medical condition, and she is doing just fine right now. For more, go here.
(Facebook was the primary distributor of that disinformation exercise. I shudder to think of how many people get their "news" from Facebook.)
And then there's the case of the starving Syrian town of Madaya. Here's how NBC is covering it:
Horrific images of emaciated residents and tales of desperation have emerged from Madaya, a town of some 40,000 residents that has been besieged by pro-Syrian government forces for months.
The wording conveys the impression that Assad's forces have prevented food from reaching the city.
A "fixer" named Raed Bourhan, who works for the Times of London, has filled his Twitter feed with anti-Assad propaganda, including a sad image of a cat being killed for food. This photo was designed to affect Americans. Although I would not be surprised if people did use pets for food (as occurred during the 1870 siege of Paris), that particular image could have been taken anywhere. We must not forget the example of the "Syrian" girl who turned out to be Lebanese.
(Bourhan is one of those well-prepped and eager-to-help media assets who always show up in these situations. Lazy jounalists rely on his type far too often.)
CNN, using the now-familiar "false equivalence" gambit, assures us that "all sides" are using starvation as a weapon of war in Syria. However, CNN did publish the following:
But the United Nations said last week that it had received credible reports of people dying of starvation and that the Syrian government had agreed to allow aid convoys into Madaya, Foua and Kefraya.
Syrian Ambassador to the U.N. Bashar al-Ja'afari denied that anyone is starving in Madaya, calling the images of starving people "fabrications." He said his government had appealed for humanitarian assistance weeks ago.
"The problem is the terrorists are stealing the humanitarian assistance from the Syrian Red Crescent as well as from the United Nations," al-Ja'afari said.
He denied the Syrian government is using starvation as a tool of war, which is generally considered a war crime.
"The Syrian government did not stop any convoys of humanitarian assistance," he said. "On the contrary: We sent plenty of convoys and we asked the U.N. to send more."
A moment's thought will tell you that the government has nothing to gain from a starvation campaign. Over the past year, we've seen stories indicating that ISIS and Nusra channel all resources to their fighters. It's a recruitment tool: If you join their army, you get a place to live and you get food to eat.
Vice News had to remove photos of starving children in Madaya, because the photos were taken elsewhere -- and were provided by Al Jazeera. Yet we were originally told that these photos were uploaded to social media by residents of the town!
This article questions the emerging Madaya narrative...
British state-owned broadcaster BBC tells us that there are up to 400,000 people being held in some 15 besieged towns across Syria. The BBC and other Western media refer to these places as "rebel-held", and by a process of outright lies or half-truths, it is inferred that the locations are being besieged by the Syrian army, supported by Hezbollah militia and Russian air power.
Occasionally, the Western media let slip, like when the New York Times reported this week on "people being shot as they try to escape" the captive towns. The people are being shot — by the so-called rebels holding the residents as hostages, but the NY Times omitted that fact.
The Western media portray the "Syrian regime" forces as having blockaded the towns and using starvation as a weapon against the residents. Nothing could be further from the truth.
The populations have been held hostage by the terror groups and used as "human shields" to prevent the Syrian army advancing to liberate those being held against their will.
This week, the siege towns being reported in the news are Madaya near the capital Damascus, as well as the northern locations of Kefraya and Foua. But the same siege situations and eventual liberation were repeated previously in many other towns and villages, such as Zabadani, Kessab, Adra, Homs and Maloula.
In all cases, the residents have welcomed the Syrian army with open arms as "liberators" — grateful to have been freed from the nightmare of captivity under the foreign-backed mercenaries. Their conditions of starvation and general brutality were not due to alleged blockade by the Syrian state forces, as the Western media claim, but rather as a direct result of being kidnapped en masse by the mercenaries.
That's our media: Another day, another disinformation exercise...
On a related note... The Syrian city of Idleb, also spelled Idlib, was one of the origin points for the anti-Assad movement of 2011. Control of the city has bounced back and forth in the years since, although Nusra (al Qaeda) has held it since March of this year.
A few days ago, Russian planes bombed Idleb, targeting the offices of the Syrian Emergency Task Force, an American NGO funded by the State Department. No one was killed, but the office was destroyed.
Moon of Alabama made an interesting catch:
Can someone explain why and how the U.S. Syrian Emergency Task Force, which is financed by the U.S. State Department, can continue to operate in al-Qaeda occupied Idleb?
Permalink
posted: 5:41 AM
4 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
Vanessa Beeley nails it with her 36 questions about Madaya that our media refuse to ask.Farsnews does a good coverage of the scam, as does TheWallWillFall (here and here), especially the role of various agencies such as the Syrian Network For Human Rights (sn4hr.org) and ICR2P (responsibilitytoprotect.org).And our old friend, Legatum neocon Michael Weiss, had a go at the Syrian government starvation theme back in 2013. So none of this is new. The rebels are losing on the ground and are hoping to obtain UN support via this propaganda exercise. They want to solidify their shaky position on the ground, along with their political legitimacy, as part of the upcoming peace negotiations. Their Western backers are happy to endorse the lie.
posted by  fred : 6:21 AM
I had hope for thar network years ago. Sigh.Anyway, what a coincidence that Indonesia is attacked by proxy warriors today.They opened a hospital in Gazahttp://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4749504,00.html
posted by  Anonymous : 11:11 AM
The process by which the misinformation is presented and disseminated is very layered, slick and professional. Here's the Washington Post with a story on food distribution in Syria:https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/syrian-activists-accuse-un-of-not-pushing-assad-on-humanitarian-aid/2016/01/14/0e0ea76a-bad0-11e5-85cd-5ad59bc19432_story.htmlThe "Syrian activists" are described as members of civil society " including doctors, teachers and emergency responders...", who, the open letter suggests, are victims of food denial by the Assad regime ("besieging us"). The article separates these representatives of the "opposition" from ISIS, but nowhere is al-Qaeda or Nusra mentioned, allowing readers to assume that the Syrian war is directed at an opposition largely consisting of doctors, teachers and firefighters, who are being starved to death in part due to an ineffectual United Nations.The article then notes the letter was put together by an organization called the Syria Campaign, "an activist group critical of Assad."
The article does not note that this Syria Campaign is run out of an office in London, and received its core funding from the Asfari Foundation, created by an extremely wealthy Syrian exile and which has been funding professional anti-Assad "activist groups" since 2011, i.e. the start of the destabilization of Syria.
posted by  Anonymous : 2:30 PM
For some reason, I always associate posting stock pictures alongside news stories as becoming normal with the introduction of "Newser" around 8 years ago.
I remember people having to explain to countless confused people that the picture wasn't an actual picture of those involved with the condensed "news story" paired with an equally misleading photo.
Now it seems to be standard practice everywhere.
The mainstream news has done similar things with choosing a picture of young Travon to further sensationalize that story, or mugshots instead of family photos when it wants to demonize.
This, however seems to be a more serious development.
In your online travels, Joseph, have you run across any blog that tracks the propaganda of images used alongside sensational news stories?
posted by  prowlerzee : 11:06 AM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Wednesday, January 13, 2016
How neoliberalism begets neoconservatism
Many libertarians claim to hate the neocon empire builders. Their critiques can be quite helpful -- I read Antiwar.com on a regular basis -- but also shortsighted. Critics of this stripe will never comprehend (or admit) that libertarianism (in the guise of neoliberalism) is the key weapon of the neocons.
Patrick Cockburn makes that very point in this fine article about Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, the dangerous young nutcase who has become the de facto Big Cheese in Saudi Arabia. The Prince understands that "his" country has many internal troubles, and he has decided that the best solution is to inject Milton Friedmanism into the system.
He suggests austerity and market reforms in the Kingdom, but in the context of Middle East autocracies and particularly oil states this breaches an unspoken social contract with the general population. People may not have political liberty, but they get a share in oil revenues through government jobs and subsidised fuel, food, housing and other benefits. Greater privatisation and supposed reliance on the market, with no accountability or fair legal system, means a licence to plunder by those with political power.
This was one of the reasons for the uprising in 2011 against Bashar al-Assad in Syria and Muammar Gaddafi in Libya. So-called reforms that erode an unwieldy but effective patronage machine end up by benefiting only the elite.The elites understand that hard-ass neoliberal economic policies simply do not work: When the plebes suddenly lose their bread and circuses, Ceasar better watch his ass. Thus, the best way to undermine a regime is to convince its leaders of the Orwellian dictum that austerity = prosperity, and that anything that reeks of hated socialism must be rooted out.
From a 2013 article in The Atlantic:
When he assumed power, the lifestyle of the West still occupied Assad's mind -- In his inaugural speech he emphasized that it was time to begin modernizing Syria. But to modernize Syria and remake it in the "image" he desired, he needed to adopt neo-liberal and capitalist policies, both of which stirred up a strong resistance from his father's old guard, who founded the socialist and secular Ba'ath Party. Bashar Assad was a doctor in the UK who never expected to become the leader of Syria. When, after the death of his brother, he was forced to assume power, he chose a man named Abdallah Dardari to help run the economy. Dardari, educated in London, had worked for the World Bank and the UN -- he was, in short, a creature of "the West."
Many who bore the brunt of his economic experiments counter that his development plundered the country and struck the heart of its economy.
Dardari’s plan was calculated, and it had an impact. His policies did in fact spark an investment boom, but not without painful side effects.
Syria increasingly became vulnerable to the global economy, while growth imbalances and income inequality multiplied. Cell phones and internet reached Suweida long before much-needed irrigation projects.
The banking, services, and tourism sectors in their current form are largely the result of a plan developed by Dardari over the years to liberalize the economy. Rami Makhlouf, who controls a massive share of the Syrian economy, is in many ways a manifestation of Dardari’s project. The above words were written in 2011, just before the "civil war" in Syria broke out.
The Daily Beast published a surprisingly incisive piece about all of this back in 2013:
Syria under Bashar al-Assad’s rule tried very hard to join the World Trade Organization. When the U.S. lifted its opposition, the World Trade Organization’s 153 members granted the Syrian government an observer status. Although the state was still the main economic generator, privatization was encouraged; foreign entities such as private banks, joint Saudi-French bank of Bimo, Fransabank, Bank of Jordan-Syria, and the Saudi Islamic bank, joined the Syrian market. The road also began opening for other credible international banks such as Citibank and HSBC to come to Syria and lend money at higher interest rates.
The Syrian government attempted to satisfy the demands of the international banks, which urged Syria to raise the cap and limit on non-Syrian ownership of local banks from 49 percent to 60 percent. In 2006, the Syrian regime of Assad and the new guard became the fourth-largest recipient of foreign direct investment, as well as of Arab Gulf states’ investments. The foreign and Arab investments ratcheted up from $115 million in 2001 to $1.6 billion in 2006. Assad replaced one of the old guards, the minister of economy, with a new economy and trade minister, Lamia Assi, who did not object to the new neoliberal policies.Whom the gods would destroy, they first make neoliberal.
All of which brings us back to the strange case of Prince Mohammed Bin Salman of Saudi Arabia. What to make of his talk of markets and austerity? He didn't come up with those ideas on his own. The Prince, being an idiot, is incapable of coming with any ideas on his own. I think that a little bird has been tweeting those ideas in his ear. What, I wonder, does that little bird have in mind for Saudi Arabia?
Permalink
posted: 5:28 AM
5 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
Odd that you say "When the plebes suddenly lose their bread and circuses, Ceasar better watch his ass".Obviously, Caesar was a populist, his platform was largely reclaiming public lands from aristocrats who had usurped them and making sure that the public got grain doled out to them. He needed to watch his ass because there were unhappy aristos sneaking up to stick a knife in it.
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 12:54 PM
I wasn't talking about Julius. There WERE other Caesars...
posted by  Joseph : 12:58 PM
There were other Caesars, both his family before him and those who took on the title after him, but Caesar was Caesar.
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 2:32 PM
Wow, this article is a shocker, even by Cannonfire standards. If the Prince tries to impose UK-style neoliberalism on the Kingdom, it'll implode within 2-3 years for sure. It's one thing to have closed borders and media control in a very wealthy (and lazy) country, quite another to yank the rug out and impose the chaos and disruption of Margaret Thatcher economics while remaining a medieval theocracy.People will grudgingly accept dictatorship if they're well-fed and don't have to work hard (or at all). But to throw them to the wolves after they've gotten used to a gilded-cage lifestyle - that's not gonna work.Since ISIS and Al-Nusra are the direct creations of the corrupt and increasingly deranged states of Saudi Arabia and Turkey, we might just need Iran in the coming years to suppress the worst of the madness in this region. Maybe that's the long-term strategy at play.
posted by  ColoradoGuy : 12:19 PM
Well, they really are not living the gilded cage lifestyle right now -- many Arabians with no connection to the ruling family are pretty miserable. But if things become MORE miserable, rebellion will arise, and no amount of police-state thuggery will forestall it.The rebellion will have to occur under the cover of religion.
posted by  Joseph : 12:42 PM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Tuesday, January 12, 2016
"The name's Penn. SEAN Penn."
There's something decidedly strange -- even spooky -- about that Sean Penn/El Chapo interview which led to the capture of the fugitive Mexican drug lord.
The talking heads on teevee want us to talk about Penn's alleged promise that Chapo could review the interview before publication. As always, the pundits have pounced on a non-issue. The real issues: Since when is Sean Penn a journalist? And is he really working for Uncle?
When the story broke, my first reaction was: "Well, I'm glad to see that Mr. Penn has resolved his little tax problem. Pretty gutsy way to do it." Actually, I did not know that Penn had a tax issue (or any other type of legal complication), but the presumption seemed fair under the circumstances.
Then I remembered that the actor also had a close relationship with Hugo Chavez, who was absolutely detested by American intelligence. Penn gets around. He's a fine actor -- but he's not just an actor.
Here's Marcy Wheeler's first post on this controversy. She notes that one of the men who set up the meeting -- unnamed, but called Espinoza -- wears a surgical back brace. Marcy hints that this "brace" may actually have been a tracking device.
Curiously, when Penn provided his bona fides to Chapo — which for the cartel boss, largely rested on the actor’s relationship with Hugo Chávez — he didn’t mention that he had a relationship with people who would be privy to otherwise unavailable information about what really went down in October, though he did admit he has “many relationships inside the United States government.”
I tell him, up front, that I had a family member who worked with the Drug Enforcement Agency, that through my work in Haiti (I’m CEO of J/P HRO, a nongovernmental organization based in Port-au-Prince) I had many relationships inside the United States government. I assure him that those relationships were by no means related to my interest in him.
Elsewhere in the story Penn claims he is telling the truth, but keeping information compartmentalized.
I take no pride in keeping secrets that may be perceived as protecting criminals, nor do I have any gloating arrogance at posing for selfies with unknowing security men. But I’m in my rhythm. Everything I say to everyone must be true. As true as it is compartmentalized.
Perhaps the most interesting detail is that when Chapo asked Penn to come back in 8 days for a return visit that never took place, Penn responded by asking for a photo — for Rolling Stone. Except that he arranged it so that it would be usable for facial recognition.
I say I can. I ask to take a photograph together so that I could verify to my editors at Rolling Stone that the planned meeting had taken place.
[snip]
I explain that, for authentication purposes, it would be best if we are shaking hands, looking into the camera, but not smiling. He obliges. The picture is taken on Alfredo’s cellphone. It would be sent to me at a later date.
All right, I'll just say it: Chapo is, obviously, an idiot. How can any man stay alive so long in that line of work while remaining so bloody naive?
In a follow up story, Marcy notes that Rolling Stone did nothing to protect Chapo or his entourage, but did protect Espinoza ("Spiny") and the other middle-man.
If Penn is sincere in his stated desire to end the war on drugs, ending the profits for American banks tied to illicit trafficking would need to be one of the first steps.
But he doesn’t name those companies that are laundering Chapo’s money, which will continue to be laundering Sinaloa cartel money even as Guzmán gets removed from the network.
Of course, Spiny and El Alto probably share Chapo’s desire to keep those names out of print, in part because they’re part of the power structure that the banks bolster, in part because banks sometimes narc on their customers to save their own hides.
But it’s funny how the press, too, seems uninterested in learning the names of the banks that continue to prop up both our own country’s power structure as well as facilitate traffickers like Guzmán.
It has been widely stated that drug money was the only thing keeping certain large banks afloat during the 2008 financial crisis.
Now let's look at what Moon of Alabama had to say:
Even more suspect than the Sean Penn piece itself is the fact that the NYT published a large front page piece on the the Rolling Stone story some minutes before the Rolling Stone story itself was published. Who gave it to the NYT and when? The NYT repeats essentials parts of the Penn piece but in a more polished version.
It also adds this to the overall story:
A Mexican government official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to describe confidential matters, said the authorities were aware of the meeting with Mr. Penn.
Well, that's kind of a giveaway, isn't it?
The NYT is (largely) owned by Carlos Slim, the Mexican zillionaire who staunchly denies having anything to do with the drug trade. Funny thing: That allegation keeps popping up, despite the denials.
Penn's name came up in one of Hillary's emails -- in a very honorable fashion, we should note: The email references an award Penn received from Mikhail Gorbachev, in gratitude for the actor's work in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake. But...
Hillary Clinton’s top State Department aides gushed over actor Sean Penn in an April 2012 email, State Department records show.
“I am just so friggin proud of you,” Clinton’s chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, wrote in an April 26, 2012 email seemingly sent to Penn’s account. The email address is redacted but is listed as “CIA.”
“Do we call you mr ambassador laureate now?” Mills’ senior advisor, Caitlin Klevorick, wrote to Penn.
The email traffic has taken on new significance in light of news that Penn, a two-time Oscar winner, traveled to Mexico in October to meet with and interview Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, the notorious boss of the brutal Sinaloa drug cartel. Penn published a laudatory article about the visit for Rolling Stone. The piece, in which Penn calls Guzman “Robin Hood,” was published online late Saturday.
According to several reports, Penn’s visit to Guzman helped lead authorities to the fugitive. The drug trafficker had escaped from a Mexican prison in July and sought out a meeting with Hollywood actors in order to pitch a movie about his life. He was captured earlier this week, just before Penn’s article was published. According to some Mexican officials, Penn’s meeting with Guzman helped lead investigators to the criminal.
Hillary Clinton has not commented on Guzman’s arrest or on Penn’s visit. During an interview on Sunday, President Obama’s chief of staff, Denis McDonough, said that Penn’s “so-called interview” with Guzman “poses a lot of very interesting questions, both for him and for others involved in this.”
The Daily Mail has been having a great time with the "Penn as spy" theory...
Supposedly the entire 'clandestine horror show' - as Penn put it - was part of a research project to develop a Netflix-style drama about Guzmán and his prison break.
Though Penn insists he went to extreme lengths to hide the meeting from authorities, the details have sparked widespread speculation that he was in fact tapped by the CIA to locate the fugitive criminal - just as screenwriters were enlisted to make Argo to free US hostages in Iran in 1979.
The Central Intelligence Agency is openly cooperative with Hollywood.
In 1996, the role of Entertainment Liaison Officer was created to provide filmmakers with factual advice and authentic props, and the agency has admitted to collaborating with actors, producers and directors for their own work.
Researchers who specialize in the CIA's connection with Hollywood, Dr Matthew Alford and Tom Secker, told DailyMail.com on Sunday: 'Spies have long used Hollywood as a front, from Pretty Woman producer Arnon Milchan, who admitted to stealing US nuclear secrets for Mossad, to Frederick Forsyth who did 'favours' for MI6. So the theory that Sean Penn was part of a CIA sting operation is an intriguing possibility.'
Arnon Milchan, incidentally, produced Oliver Stone's JFK. Even at that time, Milchan's Mossad linkage -- though never published -- was widely known "in town." There were similar rumors about Golan and Globus, the guys behind Cannon films (no relation to yours truly!).
I'm not wholly convinced by the "Penn as spy" theory, although I'm leaning that way. If it is true, he would hardly be the first Hollywood actor to do a little covert work on the side. Although I don't think the claim has ever been formally published, I've heard that Bill Holden made a trip to Africa on Agency business, where he witnessed something so horrifying that it haunted him for the rest of his life. Cary Grant and Sterling Hayden worked for the OSS during World War II. Frank Sinatra would fly CIA assets in and out of the country on his private jet (which is a nifty way to avoid leaving a paper trail).
And then there's this claim by CIA man John Rizzo...
In his new book, Company Man: Thirty Years of Controversy and Crisis in the CIA, whistleblower Rizzo, who served as the acting general counsel for the entire CIA, admits, “the CIA has long had a special relationship with the entertainment industry, devoting considerable attention to fostering relationships with Hollywood movers and shakers: studio executives, producers, directors and big-name actors.”
“There are officers assigned to this account full-time,” he reveals, adding many Hollywood denizens offer up information to their country — at a price.
Movie industry vets are “receptive to helping the CIA in any way they can,” Rizzo claims, “probably in equal parts because they are sincerely patriotic and because it gives them a taste of real-life intrigue and excitement.”
In one instance, Rizzo claims, the agency was approached blindly by “a major film star at the time” who “somehow knew that another big star’s production company had an association with the CIA’s clandestine service over the years … Now this guy was offering his own name and services to us. Free of charge. Anything he could do. Just out of patriotic duty.”
But there was a catch...
“There is one little kicker,” Rizzo claims his underling said. “The actor refuses to take any money, but he told us that instead all he wants of us is to score him the best fifty-thousand-dollar stash of cocaine we can find. He seems to think we can get the real primo stuff. So that’s why I’m here. Is it ok for us to do it?”
“‘Uh, no,'” I managed to get out of my agape mouth,” Rizzo remembers. But the other agent wouldn’t back down from the potential deal.
“I later learned that the actor did provide some assistance to the CIA on a particular project,” he admits. “I was assured that his services were totally gratis.”
Rizzo won't name the star. Penn, perhaps? Well, there's this story from 2010, which brought this angry denial from Sean Penn.
Even if Sean Penn has never done spook work, the accusation will -- from now on -- waft around him like a bad cologne, and nothing will ever get rid of the odor. I'm sure that he would angrily deny the charge, but if he has any ability to look at the matter objectively, even he must admit that things look bad.
The next time he offers the hand of friendship to someone like Hugo Chavez, people will whisper about the fate of El Chapo. I have always admired Chavez (who was not a dictator, even though our lying press still uses that label), and thus I admire the words that Sean Penn said in his defense. But when the actor proclaimed his solidarity, was he merely reciting lines from a script? Would Hillary Clinton's State Department have gushed about someone who was a genuine friend to Hugo Chavez?
Is Sean Penn a genuine lefty, or is he an actor playing a role?
By his own admission, his life is "compartmentalized." Interesting word, that. Spies tend to use it.
Permalink
posted: 2:34 PM
2 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
"Is Sean Penn a genuine lefty, or is he an actor playing a role?"My question also and some one over at MofA pointed how many left South America leaders met with penn then got cancer?Then Marcy asking today who was it that he laundered money for. Names Please, is this may be another BCCI in the making?
posted by  jo6pac : 5:53 PM
Maybe Mr. Penn is having flashbacks to his "Falcon and the Snowman" role as an aspiring amateur spook.
posted by  Anonymous : 9:38 PM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Monday, January 11, 2016
Meet Mr. WTF
A short while ago, I wrote that no serious person now believes the claim that Bashar Assad used sarin on his people.
(The allegation was always stupid, since gassing civilians in Damascus was militarily useless and could serve only to draw the US into the Syrian war. In an age when many people cry "false flag" too readily, the 2013 sarin attacks in Damascus provide us with the clearest, most obvious examples of the tactic on record.)
In response to that post, a reader sent in the following:
Unfortunately that's not true, Joseph. Zombie memes persist in certain
quarters. Website larabiya.net is a good example and seems to have
cornered the market on blatant, highbrow, Right wing propaganda.
Brooklyn-Middleton tells us that not only did Assad commit the Ghouta
sarin attack but that he's planning more of them.
Meanwhile, Azeem Ibrahim (his CV is unbelievable) provides "Five reasons why we must NOT censor ISIS propaganda", explains "Assad's Commitment to Killing" and why the "West’s backing of Assad would only help ISIS."
These guys aren't going away any time soon. Expect more lies.
Azeem may have escaped my radar until today, but he sure as hell is on it now.
Take a look at this guy's background. His miraculous career is one of the greatest mysteries of the modern age.
Still under 40 years of age (at this writing), he is the son of a small-time grocer in Glasgow who went bankrupt. Azeem spent seven years with the UK’s 4th Battalion Parachute Regiment, an elite unit which trains to operate behind enemy lines. I don't know what happened to the guy during that time, but something seems to have clicked into place. With jaw-dropping rapidity, he has managed to become a wealthy and powerful figure within the defense and financial establishments of the UK and the US. He owns his own bank and his own hedge fund. He runs a number of influential think tanks. His Scotland Institute advertises itself as "progressive and independent," even though Azeem talks like Yet Another Neocon. Sorry: Make that "liberal interventionist."
How does a career like this happen? Who pulled which strings?
(You don't have to read the following bio carefully; skimming will suffice.)
His achievements have attracted considerable recognition around the globe and over the last few years Azeem has met and advised a number of world leaders, including the Prime Minister of Turkey and leaders in the Gulf States.
Business Interests:
It all began in 1997, when Azeem launched his own IT consultancy. In 2001, he began a similar but larger operation in Europe. Three years later, he set up his own insurance corporation focusing on the niche maritime-transportation market.
Later in 2004, Azeem established the European Commerce and Mercantile Bank, a private offshore concern specialising in accounts for commodity traders. Valued at over $100m by independent auditors, the bank has offices in Sweden and Dubai’s Emirates Tower.ECM Bank’s parent company, ECM Holdings, also includes ECM Asset Management, a Swedish-registered credit union building society, and ECM Clearing House, a Panamanian-registered financial clearing house licensed to trade in currencies, precious metals and commodities.
Azeem Ibrahim’s most recent and ambitious venture is ECM Investment, a private equity hedge fund that has outperformed all the other big institutions, netting over 40% a year on investment. Azeem aims to target high-net-worth individuals, particularly in the Gulf and sovereign funds, with a view to taking his fund to 1 billion pounds within the next five years. Backed by a start-up team awash with Oxbridge and Ivy League MBAs and PhDs, the fund has succeeded despite world credit problems.
A keen scholar and former member of the elite Parachute Regiment, Azeem is said to bring his academic mind, strategic thinking and love of military planning to his business dealings. Academic life:
Azeem’s former professors refer to him as a ‘highly intellectual scholar’ and a ‘first-class critical thinker’. He obtained an MBA and an M.Sc.(Econ) in Strategic Studies, then read for a PhD at the University of Cambridge on Geopolitical Strategy. Azeem also served as a Research Scholar on the International Security Program at the JFK School of Government at Harvard University. Azeem was also elected a Full Member of the Institute of Directors in 2004 and is an active member of several US and UK think-tanks and academic institutions. These include the International Institute of Strategic Studies, the Royal Institute of International Affairs and the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies. He is regularly invited to deliver papers in front of these bodies and attend meetings to discuss strategic problems with academics, politicians, diplomats and foreign-affairs analysts. Azeem also sits alongside former UK Defence Chiefs as a Director and Board Member of the UKNDA - United Kingdom National Defence Association - which operates to improve the position of the armed forces in government circles.
In 2008 Azeem also became a member of the University of Chicago’s Harris School of Public Policy’s Dean’s International Council - a prestigious group of specialists from around the world with substantive experience in government and the private sector including former Prime Ministers, Presidents, Ambassadors and Diplomats. The Council meets twice a year and acts as an advisory group for new policy initiatives and resource development for governments around the globe.
Seriously, who did this guy blow?
Maybe someone high up in "The Family" said: "Y'know, Adnan's getting too old. We need someone to take his place. How about this kid in Scotland? He looks good in a suit..."
Let us now take a look at what Mr. WTF has to say about Syria. The headline is a real hoot: "West’s backing of Assad would only help ISIS." If the year were 1941, Azeem would probably write a piece titled "US backing of USSR would only help Hitler."
When you ask Syrians – whether those living in the hell the country has become, or the refugees that have managed to escape – what is the main problem, the majority will give a one-word answer: “Assad”.
This is why I find the rising voices of people like The Independent’s Patrick Cockburn, journalist Tariq Ali, and others on the left so bizarre.
Azeem? May I call you Azeem? I'll do so anyways, regardless of your preference. My message to you is a simple one: Go fuck yourself, you lying piece of shit.
I seriously doubt that Mother Agnes would give that "one-word answer." I doubt that the kidnapped nuns of the convent of St. Thecla would give that answer. I seriously doubt that any of the displaced Christians among the Syrian refugees would give that answer.
All Syrian Christians lived in peace under Assad, and all Syrian Christians back him now.
Granted, if push came to shove, a man with Azeem's immense wealth could probably pay a few refugees to say the words he wants the world to hear. I have no doubt that he could pay for a "study" designed to buttress a preordained conclusion. Any such study would cause an instant sneeze if placed under the nose of someone with a phobic reaction to propaganda.
Azeem's piece gets even better. Check out this logic:
The Assad regime was overwhelmingly dominated by the minority Shia-aligned Alawite sect in Syria, who numbered no more than 12 percent of the population. And in that sense, the style of administration somewhat resembled the old colonial model of Western empires, where Britain and France would typically elevate one minority over the rest of the population and use them to administer territory. Being a minority, this would be the only way they could maintain such a prominent position, so their loyalty to the colonial masters was implicit. And this sectarian dimension also played out in the way that state repression was dished out in Syria: Sunnis, especially, bore the brunt of the repression, since they constituted about 80 percent of the population, so were always the most likely threat to the regime.
How the hell does Assad's Alawite background relate in any way to British colonialism? Isn't it more rational to argue that Assad's (very quiet) adherence to a minority faith is indicative of his government's inherently secular nature?
Under Assad, people of differing faiths have received equal treatment, which is why Syria's Alawites, Shi'ites, Yezedis, Christians -- not to mention all secular Sunnis -- continue to support the Assad government. That's why he was elected in a vote that international observers considered fair. That's why he remains more popular in Syria than Obama or Trump or Hillary are in the United States.
Azeem is using rhetorical trickery to justify thuggish Sunni paranoia toward the Alawites, a minority group which the Sunnis have long bullied. (It's particularly cute to see a Scottish Muslim display bigotry toward a minority group.) Again: The Syrian government is secular. Assad never oppressed Sunnis; he simply did not allow Sunni fanatics to oppress others.
You know what you get when Sunni maniacs gain control of a country? You get Saudi Arabia, which is arguably the most hellish hell-hole on the planet.
You also get ISIS.
If ISIS gains control in Damascus, the result will look a lot like Saudi Arabia.
And if you wrapped Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in Armani, the result might look a lot like Azeem Ibrahim.
Added note: Another agit-prop piece by Azeem offers this choice bit of wisdom...
No, the ISIS problem can only be solved by the regional Sunni powers like Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Jordan and the Emirates.
This statement is absolutely true, if by "solved" one means "caused."
Permalink
posted: 9:15 AM
15 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
Thanks, I passed it on to my friends here.http://syrianperspective.com/2016/01/battle-for-all-aleppo-has-started-saa-encircled-obamas-terrorist-rodents-security-services-assassinate-more-rats-in-idlib.html
posted by  jo6pac : 12:23 PM
There's a lot of nonsense talked about the Paras. The Parachute Regiment is just a normal line infantry regiment, not a special forces group. True, they are the most prolific provider of men for the SAS, but the Paras aren't into sinister back door shenanigans. If our chap there isn't yet forty, he can't have been born later than 1976. That would mean he started his business (in 1997) at twenty one. At what age did he join, and leave, the army if he spent that much time in it?How does one go about owning a credit union or building society, as those are almost by definition mutually owned?
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 12:44 PM
The Guardian still routinely places a sentence in it's Syria reports stating that the Syrian government used sarin gas. Likewise, Hillary Clinton is still sticking with the story.
posted by  Gareth : 1:04 PM
Stephen, you ask some good questions.What I find intriguing is the fact that Azeem somehow started his own maritime insurance company. This might well have brought him into contact with the movers-n-shakers within the oil business -- that is, with the Saudis. Or perhaps with the Erdogan family, which is shipping a lot of ISIS oil these days. Those shipments have to be insured, right?
posted by  Joseph : 1:37 PM
What you have here is a future UKplc PM. Groomed and stacked on the shelves awaiting the time he is needed. His created outlook is London City centric ideal. Anti European and bought and paid for. That is why his family was imported all those decades ago.
posted by  INCOMING!!!!!!! : 2:17 PM
jo, I'm very grateful to you for linking to this article. I'd like more people to pay attention to Azeem.
posted by  Joseph : 2:21 PM
Incoming: You really think Azeem could be a future PM? Do you see him as a kind of British Obama?Horrifying thought. We really do have to keep an eye on this guy.
posted by  Joseph : 2:51 PM
http://www.moonofalabama.org/2016/01/open-thread-2016-03.html#commentsMore here in comments, not sure about were he lives that on this answer.
posted by  jo6pac : 3:26 PM
Yes, next PM and just like obomber a Manchurian candidate. m16/cia plant.
posted by  jo6pac : 3:38 PM
Azeem Ibrahim does not appear to have a Wikipedia page, which is interesting in itself. If you go to his own website and click on all the institutions and foundations he heads up they mostly follow the latest corporate model of noble goals and few details.There's a good background piece here. Seems he has some business failures behind him.He speaks English, Arabic, Pashto and Urdu and has an interest in Pakistan:Taking seriously the situation in Pakistan. (Mar 2009)How America Is Funding Corruption in Pakistan (Aug 2009)On Rewriting Pakistan’s Economy Recovery from Scratch (Oct 2010)One idea he presents is that Pakistan is losing the war against Islamic terrorism and should negotiate with 'moderate' Islamists.Curiously, he speaks out against Saudi Arabia and Wahabism. (Feb 2015)He also says that Syria is Dying and that a transitional government is called for free of Assad and "Sunni-Shia enmity". And that Putin's latest land grab is in Syria:"If Russia is seen to engage directly to aid the Assad government, it is highly unlikely that Syrian rebel forces could be persuaded to come back to the negotiating table." (Sep 2015)There are no clear signs who he works for.
posted by  fred : 5:49 PM
Maybe he just made millions by pulling himself up on his own!!!
posted by  B : 8:19 PM
This is the kind of stuff I absolutely LOVE to read.
Welcome back, compadre and thanks!! :)
posted by  Anonymous : 10:04 AM
Ho scoperto oggi il tuo sito. Good work. From Florence - Italy
posted by  Vittorio Baldi : 1:48 PM
If Azeem is 40 then he was born in 1976.
If he joined the army at 18 (in 1994) and served seven years then he got out aged 25 (in 2001). Then --
7 YEARS LATER! -- in 2008, Azeem became a member of the University of Chicago’s Harris School of Public Policy’s Dean’s International Council.And he did it all without political patronage....ROFLMAO!
posted by  fred : 2:56 AM
4 para is dads army, a joke, plastic AKA the TA...
posted by  Anonymous : 8:08 AM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Saturday, January 09, 2016
I really don't want to defend Hillary Clinton, BUT...
As readers know, I'm angry at Hillary Clinton. I consider her to be a key enabler of the disastrous neocon policy of regime change in Syria.
But that doesn't mean I will stand by while modern-day Ken Starrs and Linda Tripps lob false charges at the Clintons.
Unfortunately, most Americans are creatures of the Id who view politics as a game of shirts-vs-skins: If you ain't with Our Team, you must be playing for Their team. If you don't like Politician A, then you must never defend Politician A against any charge, even if the charge is false or silly.
Stalin was a monster -- therefore, it is acceptable to claim that Stalin raped his daughter. If you dare to point out the lack of evidence for that claim, you must be a Stalin apologist and a filthy commie.
Most Americans really do think that way. Most Americans are just fucking dumb.
Let us presume that you, dear reader, are not one of the dummies. If so, you'll have no trouble seeing through this article by one Brad Hoff: "New Hillary Emails Reveal Propaganda, Executions, Coveting Libyan Oil and Gold." Sub-heads: "New Emails Expose Hillary’s Dirty War in Libya" and "Hillary’s Death Squads."
Wow. An email reveals that Hillary Clinton was running death squads in Libya?
Sorry, but...no.
The big problem here is the simple fact that the email itself reveals no such thing. Hoff, smarmy propagandist that he is, hopes that no-one will click on the link -- or that the reader will be so blinded by inchoate Clinton-hate that the actual words in the pdf won't register on his or her brain.
Before going any further, let's remind ourselves of the basics: Longtime Clinton confidante Sidney Blumenthal (father of the courageous Max Blumenthal) and Tyler Drumheller (formerly of the CIA) were in Libya trying to seek business opportunities. There weren't any to be had. But Blumenthal and Drumheller got a lot of info as to what was happening in the country, and they passed the data on to the Secretary of State.
Drumheller, you will recall, was axed from the intelligence community after he exposed the Iraqi defector "Curveball" as a fake; he also helped to reveal the "yellowcake" fraud. He is, in short, one of the few heroes of the Iraq war period.
There's an easy way to identify whether any given piece on the Blumenthal/Clinton correspondence is the work of a legitimate reporter or a hack propagandist: Does the article mention Drumheller? Propagandists don't like to mention that man's name, because they know that they will have a difficult time trying to convince the audience to dislike him. How can anyone hate the guy who unmasked Curveball?
But you can't honestly leave Drumheller out of this. As we've seen in previous posts, most of the juicy items relayed by Sid Blumenthal to Hillary actually came from Tyler Drumheller. Thus, this Blumenthal email is, in large measure, a Drumheller email.
So what does the email actually state? Spoiler alert: There is nothing -- NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING -- about Hillary Clinton running death squads! Brad Hoff is simply lying his ass off.
At one point, Blumenthal does tell Hillary the following: "Source Comment: Speaking in strict confidence, one rebel commander stated that his troops continue to summarily execute all foreign mercenaries captured in the fighting." This confirms what we already knew: The rebels were brutal and merciless. But how can any sane person construe these words as an admission that Hillary Clinton ran death squads?
This email -- when read objectively -- conveys reports about events in Libya during the revolution. Some of the reports came from people connected to the Khaddafy government, some came from rebel sources. Many of the reports were not first-hand; much of what Blumenthal had to say remained on the level of rumor. In a chaotic situation, even rumors may have intelligence value.
And that's it.
As a moment's thought will tell you, just because Hillary received reports about a situation does not necessarily mean that she engineered it.
Let's put it this way: I live in Baltimore, and in April of last year, I gave my personal, subjective report of what the city "felt" like during the anti-police uprising. A smarm-meister like Brad Hoff might read those old posts and then pretend that I was somehow the master fiend who set those events into motion: "Cannon CAUSED the Baltimore riots!" Or: "Cannon CAUSED the police to fire tear gas!"
Jeez, what's next? Is Hoff going to blame the Battle of Gettysburg on Matthew Brady? Would Hoff hold Seutonius responsible for the crimes of the Julio-Claudian dynasty? Will Hoff blame the Crucifixion on St. Luke, on the grounds that Luke's description of the event means he did it?
I look forward to Hoff's forthcoming disquisition on the way William Shirer created Nazi Germany.
We may say something similar about another Blumenthal/Drumheller memo to Hillary, referenced in this Reddit entry by someone calling himself "OfficerDarrenWilson." (Apparently, the author of these words thinks that that cop who shot Michael Brown is some sort of hero.)
Bombshell Clinton email: The thin veneer of humanitarian intervention falls off NATO, as the truth of the Libya intervention is revealed. It was all about regional supremacy, and particularly about preventing Gaddafi's efforts to establish a gold-backed pan-Afro currency. Please spread.
The actual email is here. Although it is quite interesting in its own right -- the jibe at Bernard Henri-Levy made me smile -- it does not tell us anything about Hillary Clinton, despite the barkings of the Clintonphobes who visit Reddit. The email discusses the motives of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, not the motives of Hillary Clinton or of any other American. (The claim about the Libyan Dinar appeared in the open press in April of 2011, around the time Blumenthal wrote his email: See here and here. Thus, the "bombshell" revelation in this email is really nothing new.)
Again: I'm mad at Hillary myself, and will soon return to my usual critiques of her damnable Syria policies. I was also mad at Bill Clinton throughout much of the 1990s. The right-wing smear machine turned me around: Any president with those kinds of enemies had to be doing something right. I became a reluctant Hillary supporter in 2008 for one reason: The Democratic blogs suddenly overflowed with recycled right-wing nonsense about Whitewater, Vince Foster, "Travelgate" and similar horseshittiness.
Moral: Smears tend to backfire.
(I've somewhat expanded this post since original publication.)
Permalink
posted: 10:12 PM
14 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
I do not understand why you are using up so much band width shooting down untrue accusations against Hillary coming from such minor characters.
Of course many non-entities will lie about Hillary.
They should be ignored.
We should spend our efforts publicizing those real things Hillary did as Sec of State -- namely pushing for war against the Khadaffi government in Libya and war against Assad in Syria.
Those are very real actions that Hillary in her book last year has assumed credit.
Those two policies have without any question led to major fiascos.
These are Hillary's legacies as Sec of State.
Just imagine what she might accomplish as Commander in Chief. Nuclear war with Russia perhaps?
A major naval incident in the
South China sea with China?
The possibilities are numerous.
Hillary is the one to bring them to fruition.
posted by  ToivoS : 2:05 AM
The fibs of one minor character characterize the fibs of many others.
posted by  Joseph : 2:43 AM
I don't get why is Hillary is the one to bear alone the burden of libya. As I recall the US arm forces were the last in there after NATO and even Russian was before them. Some of the people who are crying about it now were crying what are we waiting for. Of course they were afraid we would miss the looting. Also she wasn't the commander in chief or the Secretary of defence. She didn't have the authority to deploy forces even if that what she wanted. Gazafy is no one to cry about. To finally taste what his security forces did to young men in that place is what i call small justice...very small I may add. He didn't pay for all the wars he started in Africa, there's no way I can list all his crimes..a mad man crimes. Some
posted by  Anonymous : 10:09 AM
" Most Americans are just fucking dumb."And therein lies America's biggest problem Joe. And that isn't changing any day soon, slanted media or not.
posted by  ben : 9:29 PM
So, this 'will' become an elect Hillary Clinton blog. That's already apparent. Your bullshit thinking is, well she didn't get a fair chance in the '08 election, so she deserves to be elected. Then you'll say, well that aside, I mean aside from the Obamabots or Obamamaniacs 'schlonging' her back then, Hillary is way better than all the other guys running. You'll say she's better than Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio and who's that other guy? Oh right, oh yeah, Chris Christie. Unbelievable, total utter tripe. I'm saying it now and I'll continue to say it up to and including on election day this November, I pledge that I will not vote for Hillary. Get a fuckin' clue. Oh and by the way, I find it interesting that you use Abby Martin's Empire Files webisodes but are also oblivious to the recent Empire Files video, where she interviews Ralph Nader, who explains that Hillary has never met a war that she didn't like. For reference, see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e4Ii_qyNngI'll vote for Donald Trump over Hillary any day. He's less of a fraud than she is and also, he's fun, she's not fun at all. One thing Donald has going for him, he's the only politician or wannabe politician (if you see it that way) who has ever made me laugh. He seems like a cool person to hang out with, drink vodka with, watch a movie with, he's just fun. He's not a racist, anyone claiming that he is either doesn't know what racism is or has a definition of racism that differs markedly from my own, or both. The Clinton's have the DNC rigged as fuck, she will get the Democratic nomination no matter what, because it was decided long before the campaigning began. The Democratic Party decided "we'll have a Black American, a historical first, then a female right after that, and these two historical firsts, at the centre of identity politics, will ensure us presidential victories for the next sixteen years." A Black American as president or a female as president or a gay male as president is all pointless if there is nothing substantive to it, and the Democratic Party has made all such historical firsts as victory's without any substance or any change.
posted by  Joshua Black : 11:02 PM
This comment has been removed by the author.
posted by  Joseph : 12:06 AM
Ben, meet Josh. I believe you have THE perfect example of what I'm talking about. I carefully worded those first five paragraphs to account for such a reaction, yet Josh proudly donned his "I'm an American dumb-dumb" t-shirt. I predicted that someone like him would say such words.Guarantee: Next time I slam Hillary for some neocon-ish policy position, some pro-Hillary fanatic will accuse me of betrayal. And then when I poke holes in the next right-wing lie about Hillary, some anti-Clinton fanatic will accuse me of taking money from the Clinton Foundation. And after that, when I villify Hillary for some neocon-ish speech...Et cetera et cetera.Shirts vs skins. Everything gets reduced to that. Your tiny little minds can conceive of nothing else.
posted by  Joseph : 12:07 AM
Added note: SOMEONE YOU CAN HAVE A VODKA WITH?Seriously?You have NO awareness of the commonly heard trope that rubes voted for Dubya because he was someone that the average hick could imagine having a beer with? You are not aware that this phrase was mocked endlessly over the course of some ten years?I think that's what it comes to with The Donald. Nobody cares about his policies: He fulfills an indefinable psychological function. Obama's appeal was much the same...
posted by  Joseph : 12:40 AM
Wonderful.
The idiots that brought us George W. Bush are going to bring us someone even worse, Trump (i.e. Joshua Black).
You want your President to be "fun"????
I'd like mine to be competent, intelligent, have some tiny amount of experience with government, and to take the rest of the world VERY seriously.
Joshua must have thought the movie Idiocracy was about how to make America great again.
Because that is what we will have with Trump as President.
Hillary has her (many) faults, but Trump will make George W. seem like a genius and a great President (two things he most certainly was not) in comparison.
posted by  Gus : 9:32 AM
Right, Gus. I don't think Dubya was really stupid. He was just one of those rich kids who decided that it was more efficient to hire smart people to do his thinking for him. At least Dubya read Camus. Can you imagine Donald Trump trying to work his way through any book by any of the existentialists?
posted by  Joseph : 10:16 AM
@ Mr. Cannon,One of the reasons, just one, but a sufficient one nonetheless, that anyone could conclude that your blog will be or already is an 'Elect Hillary' blog is that there are articles and write-ups across the whole internet spread lies about Bernie Sanders, Jeb Bush, Donald Trump and assorted variety of other campaigners. Yet, your blog only chooses to seize upon the lies and misinformation of articles targeting Hillary Clinton. You have not and would not do the same for Jeb Bush or Bernie Sanders, to give two examples. To you, they may as well be damned.I also point out that you and this Gus character have only resorted to ad hominem, personal attacks and insults in responding to me. Whereas, I have never resorted to ad hominem, otherwise I would have called you an asshole or some such thing. Instead, what I said and I've been saying, is that your write-ups are bullshit. Calling something you wrote or one of your ideas bullshit is not the same as a personal insult, as in calling you an irredeemable and unlikable asshole.How is it democratic for the DNC to make plans to nominate Hillary Clinton and not to create a competitive field where other candidates could even have so much as a minute possibility of getting the nomination? The deck is stacked heavily in Hillary's favour, the Clinton's ties to the DNC amount to nothing less than total corruption. Poor Sanders, a man who I genuinely love, never had a chance and I feel sorry for the younger generations who are very shortly now going to have their faith dashed against rock walls.Your elitism is disgusting, the elitism of the Left is one major, fatal flaw to the campaign of Leftism movements. I support Donald Trump, but believe it or not, I'm totally sympathetic to Leftism, it doesn't mean I belong to it, but I understand it's appeal and I am nothing if not sympathetic to 'democratic socialists', progressives, syndicalists and the like. You show nothing but disdain and hatred for me, you are totally dismissive toward me, calling me a dummy, fucking dumb, an idiot, a rube and so on. How is that going to convince me or convert me to your linear line of thinking? If anything, it will strengthen my resolve to support Donald Trump, who I also love. Gus completely lies about me, even if it is in jest. He suggest I've seen the film 'Idiocracy', but I haven't and I've never even heard about it until he mentioned it. I searched for it using Google and I see it's not a critically well received film, it seems like another run of the mill garbage film. Joshua (me) must not have seen Idiocracy, but would definitely find it an idiotic waste of time and money.Elitism (such as pronouncing that most Americans are fucking dumb) will gain you no converts. It only reveals a disgusting superiority complex that lays at the heart of the contemporary Left, which has abandoned the touch and outreach to the common lay person, embraced identity politics that changes nothing and also embraced the elitism of ivory tower so called intelligentsia.
posted by  Joshua Black : 10:21 PM
Josh, at the risk of sounding like someone given to ad hominem attacks...you're a fucking nut. Get out of here and don't come back.
posted by  Joseph : 12:32 AM
What Joshua fails to mention is at the time of the overthrow of the Egyptian government and Khadaffi's government, the over throws WERE WIDELY APPLAUDED.
Now in hindsight it should be clear that anytime a secular leader is removed in the Middle East, mayhem breaks loose among the several religious factions within that country all wanting to take over to either do damage to their religious rivals, or to prevent their religious rivals from doing harm to them.
posted by  Alessandro Machi : 4:21 AM
Sander's appeal to the millennials is resulting in people like Joshua lashing out against anyone who doesn't support Sanders. Occupy Wall Street actually claimed that Move on Dot Org was a tool of the Clintons. Gasp.
posted by  Alessandro Machi : 4:24 AM
Post a Comment
<< Home
What are we going to do about the Saudis?
Some people accuse me of focusing too much on the malign influence of Israel. There's some truth in this: We need to look more closely at Saudi Arabia and Turkey, two nations which have played key roles in the rise of ISIS and Al Qaeda. And I can think of no better starting point than the documentary embedded above -- one of the best docs I've seen in years.
Moon of Alabama directs our attention to this interview with Saudi Arabia's current defense minister Muhammad bin Salman, Deputy Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. One cannot help but be struck by the clear signs of megalomania and psychopathology. Whenever Salman is asked about the state of his nation, he responds by invoking the personal pronoun. The clear message: "I am the state." Example:
Do you think having a greater proportion of women in the workforce would be good for Saudi Arabia?
No doubt. A large portion of my productive factors are unutilised. And I have population growth reaching very scary figures.Wow. This guy is loony.
There is some talk, now, of changing the line of succession, to insure that Muhammad bin Sultan -- the author of the disastrous war on Yemen -- never becomes the King. If ever he does reach the top spot, I wouldn't be surprised if he becomes known to history as the Caligula of the Saudi dynasty.
If you want further background on the origin of the Saudi dynasty, go here. This article traces the great betrayal of Hussain bin Ali, the Hashemite ruler of Mecca who had aided the British immensely by launching a revolt against the Turks during WWI. The Sharif would not tolerate the Balfour decision, and would not take a "go away" bribe. That's when the British decided to switch their support to Ibn Saud, the most barbaric of the Arabian warriors.
Many people who see the film Lawrence of Arabia wonder why Faisal (played by Alec Guinness) never became the ruler of Arabia after the war, even though his family controlled Mecca. The answer is simple: The Hashemites would not accept the creation of a Jewish state.
That's how this monstrous dynasty was born. But how will it die?
Writer Trita Parsi argues that Saudi Arabia is a state in decline, and that its recent displays of savagery are the flailings of a wounded animal.
Saudi Arabia is exhibiting the psychology of a state that risks losing its dominant position and whose losing hand is growing weaker and weaker. This explains why an otherwise rational actor begins making seemingly panicky and incomprehensible moves.
From its decision to give up a seat on the United Nations Security Council — after having campaigned for it for over a year and celebrated its election to the UN body only a day earlier — to its reckless and failing attack on Yemen, to its push against the nuclear deal with Iran, to the deliberate provocation of executing Shia political dissident Nimr al-Nimr, its conduct is that of a sun-setting power.In fact, the EU’s support for reengagement with Iran is partly driven by its assessment that the West’s current relationship with Saudi Arabia isn’t sustainable. As the New York Times has reported, in the current standoff between Saudi Arabia and Iran, EU sympathies tend to lean toward Tehran.
To make matters worse for the Saudis, the Chinese have shifted their position in the Persian Gulf to reduce their dependency on Saudi Arabia and strengthen their ties with Iran.
“China wants stability in the Persian Gulf,” an analyst close the Chinese government recently told me, “and it sees Iran as the most stable country in the region, while it is very worried about Saudi conduct.”If the Saudis were smart, they would get rid of the maniacal Muhammad bin Salman now, and then move quickly to transform their Kingdom into a constitutional monarchy.
Of course, that won't happen.
Permalink
posted: 5:14 AM
2 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
That's not all. In saudia in Spite of the wealth there is real poverty, especially among women.
The education system is poorly designed to produce
a viable work force.
So the dependency on foreign labor who they treat disgracefully(except of course for americans). The youth mostly unemployed just spend all their time in harmful activities including joining issis.
The wahabies are by design and from the beginning were following their purpose to make it easier for the tyrants to rule. They can produce at a moment notice a verse or an interpretation from the quran to justify whatever the king or the ruler is doing. What we are seeing now happened centuries ago when a
lot of them started to falsify the teachings of the prophet(puh) to solidify the rein of one or the other. people in there practice a lot of cruelty towards each and foreigners just out of frustration and ignorance.
I myself looking forward to a major and drastic change in that society. But because they are Arabs no hope
posted by  Anonymous : 10:10 AM
I think you should also include the US and parts of Europe and other traitors of the Middle East for creating the cancer that is Al Quieda and its linked rats which includes ISIS. Good article though.
posted by  Anonymous : 4:00 AM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Friday, January 08, 2016
Newsy notes
Has the term "neocon" run its course? No, it has not. But the fact that Jonah Goldberg of Townhall.Com wants you to think that way tells us much. It tells us that the neocons are starting to get scared; it tells us that an increasingly large percentage of the population is on to the neocons and their warmongering ways. That's why they want you to think that the very phrase "neocon" is un-hip and, like, so five minutes ago.
You can't oppose a thing if you cannot name it. Thus, this attempt to take away the name.
Hillary's lie was indeed a lie. Politifact gave this statement by Hillary Clinton a "mostly true" rating:
The HillaryClinton.com webpage notes that Rubio "claimed that Hillary Clinton 'stood by' while the conflict in Syria devolved into a humanitarian crisis. The truth is that Hillary Clinton was an early supporter for arming the moderate opposition against Assad in 2012."
"And what’s even more amazing," according to the Clinton campaign, "is that Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people."
No serious person now accepts the fabrication that Bashar Assad gassed his own people. If he had, why does he remain so popular in Damascus? (See here and here and here.)
For the truth of that matter, go here:
Obama’s change of mind had its origins at Porton Down, the defence laboratory in Wiltshire. British intelligence had obtained a sample of the sarin used in the 21 August attack and analysis demonstrated that the gas used didn’t match the batches known to exist in the Syrian army’s chemical weapons arsenal. The message that the case against Syria wouldn’t hold up was quickly relayed to the US joint chiefs of staff.
The American and British intelligence communities had been aware since the spring of 2013 that some rebel units in Syria were developing chemical weapons. On 20 June analysts for the US Defense Intelligence Agency issued a highly classified five-page ‘talking points’ briefing for the DIA’s deputy director, David Shedd, which stated that al-Nusra maintained a sarin production cell: its programme, the paper said, was ‘the most advanced sarin plot since al-Qaida’s pre-9/11 effort’. (According to a Defense Department consultant, US intelligence has long known that al-Qaida experimented with chemical weapons, and has a video of one of its gas experiments with dogs.) The DIA paper went on: ‘Previous IC [intelligence community] focus had been almost entirely on Syrian CW [chemical weapons] stockpiles; now we see ANF attempting to make its own CW … Al-Nusrah Front’s relative freedom of operation within Syria leads us to assess the group’s CW aspirations will be difficult to disrupt in the future.’ The paper drew on classified intelligence from numerous agencies: ‘Turkey and Saudi-based chemical facilitators,’ it said, ‘were attempting to obtain sarin precursors in bulk, tens of kilograms, likely for the anticipated large scale production effort in Syria.’
Last May, more than ten members of the al-Nusra Front were arrested in southern Turkey with what local police told the press were two kilograms of sarin. In a 130-page indictment the group was accused of attempting to purchase fuses, piping for the construction of mortars, and chemical precursors for sarin. Five of those arrested were freed after a brief detention. The others, including the ringleader, Haytham Qassab, for whom the prosecutor requested a prison sentence of 25 years, were released pending trial.
Nusra, as I always like to remind my readers, is the terror group that David Petraeus believes we should support. Also see the analysis here, which links to video of a rebel group actually launching chemical-laden rockets.
I give Politifact a "Pants on Fire" for this one.
Trump's lesson is that an open appeal to racism can be a political winner. The governor of Maine has learned well from The Donald. Expect to see similar outbursts in the future.
Glenn Greenwald just published one of the bravest things I've seen in a while. Please note that I do not admire or approve of the cartoons appearing within the body of that post. (Neither, I am sure, does Greenwald.) But we must uphold the general principle of "good for the goose, good for the gander."
Republican Representative Tom Cotton may have taken a bribe of nearly one million bucks for his opposition to the Iran deal. (The link goes to an Iranian news site, which may worry some readers.) In my view, this incident proves that the NSA should be spying on congressfolk, at least when our representatives interact with foreign nationals and foreign governments.
On a very related note, Paul R. Pillar argues that our intel community must target Israel:
The impact of Israeli policies and actions on U.S. interests has included much that is damaging and destructive, which is the kind of impact that ought to be among the highest priorities for the collection of intelligence. Recently, in connection with negotiation of the multilateral agreement to restrict the Iranian nuclear program, the Israeli government did everything it could to sabotage and frustrate an important foreign policy initiative of the United States and its Western allies. The Journal story states that intelligence collection enabled U.S. policymakers to learn details of Israel's leaking of information about the negotiation—information Israel had obtained in confidential briefings by the United States or through what the Journal has reported as Israel's own spying on the negotiations. This is certainly the kind of information it would be very useful for any policymaker to have in determining how to manage both a negotiation and any briefings of outside countries about the negotiation.
One thing this whole story is not about is “domestic spying”—not even to the same degree as the controversial matter of bulk collection of telephone metadata. It is common for intelligence collection aimed at foreign actors to involve conversations or other interactions with U.S. actors. This pattern is a natural consequence of the foreign actor being an important intelligence target precisely because of the impact or potential impact on important U.S. interests. This is true of a foreign terrorist group seeking collaborators for an armed attack inside the United States. It is true of a foreign government searching for entry points for a cyberattack against U.S. infrastructure. And it is true of a foreign government endeavoring to sabotage U.S. foreign policy.
Conspiracy. There's a lot to savor in what we already have of the incomplete upcoming 71st issue of Lobster. (Editor Robin Ramsey still feels obligated to pretend that he's publishing a magazine rather than a website or a blog) Right now, I want to draw your attention to this story.
We come, once again, to the old, old question of conspiracy theories: When do these "forbidden" ideas become a dangerous psychological addiction, and when do they help us to establish truth?
Ramsey offers his piece as a riposte to a couple of those simplistic, smarmy "only dullards believe in conspiracy theories" articles that routinely appear in the mainstream press. Newspapers love to publish such pieces, even though they usually turn out to be drivel. I'm not saying that the writers of these pieces get everything wrong: The "conspiracy theory" underground is indeed a risible place inhabited by illogical, brutish, easily-manipulated people. But the mainstream writers who venture into that underground and try to map it out simply don't know the territory -- not the way I do, and not the way Ramsey does. Thus, mainstream writers invariably fail to make the distinction between baby and bath water.
(Have I mixed my metaphors again? Sue me.)
Neither piece considers that there might be ‘some powerful force[s] acting against the interests of ordinary people’ and both offer the canard – always a glowing indicator of ignorance of the subject – that conspiracy theories simplify. Some do: nonsense such as ‘the world’s ill are all caused by the Jews/Illuminati/whatever’, what have been called the mega theories, simplify. But much of what is dismissed as conspiracy theories – parapolitics or deep politics – does not. The work of William Blum, for example,3 in detailing the role of the CIA in the USA’s post-WW2 empire, complicates the study of American foreign policy (or would if academics and journalists could bring themselves to read it); and the work of the JFK researchers has produced almost unmanageable complexity. But then Blum and the better end of the Kennedy buffs aren’t offering conspiracy theories so much as theories about conspiracies.4 Mega conspiracy theories cannot be falsified because believers present an infinite regress of evasion strategies: ‘Yes, but....’. Theories about conspiracies – sometimes called event conspiracies – on the other hand are open to the same empirical investigation as any other proposition.
‘Conspiracy theorist’ as a term of denigration was introduced by the CIA for use against critics of the Warren Commission in 1967 and proved so successful at scaring-off the career-minded and the conventional that its use spread to encompass almost any line of inquiry which strays beyond conventional narratives.5 In the major media the charge of ‘conspiracy theorising’ is being raised these days because the rabble – us – are beginning to think the wrong things and ‘democracy’ threatens to express that. The perception that is currently giving the American and European elites the vapours is precisely that there is ‘some powerful force [or forces] acting against the interests of ordinary people’.
There's much more at the other end of the link. Recommended.
*  *  *
As ever:
Thanks to everyone.
I love you all, though I'm usually too cynical and cantankerous to make that admission.
Permalink
posted: 4:07 AM
11 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
Conspiracy Know It Alls, or CONKNOWs as I like to call them, have been getting government funding in many Western Universities. The public is increasingly reluctant to accept government assurances -- on anything -- and psych departments have agreed (for a fee) to isolate the disease and find a cure. Fake moon landings, Elvis sightings and chem trails are lumped right in there with the assassination of JFK and Israeli attacks upon the USS Liberty. Providing the political establishment has passed judgement on an historical issue then it becomes incontrovertible truth and those who differ are a strange breed of psychologically stunted people who want to make sense of the world by inventing non-existent conspiracies of vast official cover ups. The few scholarly articles I've looked at on this are insulting; the most crude psychological assessments imaginable, absolutely without any credibility because the authors refuse to set a scientific standard for separating conspiracy from fact. It's as if early biologists had decided to classify species by some system and lumped zebras, penguins and magpies in the same class because they are all black and white! The whole exercise is ill-founded.It's great to see you back, Joseph. Continue to put your health first, and best wishes..
posted by  fred : 6:59 AM
If you feel unwell report to a doctor immediately.
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 7:55 AM
I do a gree with you that Assad is an improvement over Isis, but to totally deny that he gassed his people is too much.
I talked to syrian family who are living here in the state.
Members from their family were gassed and they are 100% sure it was the Assasd side who did.
His security forces what they did and still doing is no huge improvement over Isis. At least isis claim there is some ideology(false) behind the atrocities but the assad security they butcher a whole village because teen agers wrote anti assad grafiti.
THIS blind defense of this monster is wrong.
posted by  Anonymous : 10:04 AM
A friend introduced me to your blog some five years ago. We discuss nearly every post to this day. I admit, we had a moment of silence on your behalf when we heard about the widowmaker. Glad you got through the woods alright, Joe. Coworker of ours was hit with a slough of health-related issues of late, mostly caused by a high blood pressure condition left untreated for years.Make sure you get the rest of yourself taken care of, repeats are usually worse than the first.Take care. Looking forward to more cantankerous Cannonfire.
posted by  Morgan Zealear : 11:14 AM
I second (or third, fourth, fifth...) the sentiment that it's good to have you back on the beat writing solid posts again, and also that you ought to head in to see your doctor posthaste to make sure everything's okay.
posted by  James : 12:41 PM
I love the thought that the neo-conns no longer want to be called that so they're going all out on rebranding. Will the spin never end;)Take care
posted by  jo6pac : 4:11 PM
Anonymous 10:04 AM.........did this "Syrian family" provide any proof to back their being "absolutely sure"?
Because if they didn't, then they are merely speculating without any proof.
Much like Hillary Clinton and everyone else who immediately blamed Assad without any proof.
All the evidence points to the so called "rebels" carrying out these attacks, so you'll need to provide a lot more than hearsay.
Also, if Assad is so terrible, how did he get elected in an election that all foreign observers say was fair and Democratic?
How are his poll numbers in Syria (polls conducted by outside agencies, no less) so high?
The guy is obviously far from being a saint or anything close, but he protected various minority groups which ISIS wants to see dead (or at least removed from Syria).
posted by  Gus : 4:23 PM
"No serious person now accepts the fabrication that Bashar Assad gassed his own people."Unfortunately that's not true, Joseph. Zombie memes persist in certain quarters. Website larabiya.net is a good example and seems to have cornered the market on blatant, highbrow, Right wing propaganda. Brooklyn-Middleton tells us that not only did Assad commit the Ghouta sarin attack but that he's planning more of them.
Meanwhile, Azeem Ibrahim (his CV is unbelievable) provides "Five reasons why we must NOT censor ISIS propaganda", explains "Assad's Commitment to Killing" and why the "West’s backing of Assad would only help ISIS."These guys aren't going away any time soon. Expect more lies.
posted by  fred : 2:43 AM
fred...wow. To be honest, Azeem was not on my radar until I saw your comment. So I looked at his Wiki page and...and...WOW. How the fuck does that HAPPEN?
posted by  Joseph : 7:44 AM
There does not seem to be a wikipedia page for an Azzam Ibrahim.
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 12:20 PM
Welcome back, Joe. May Haruhi-kami-sama preserve your health.Minor technical point: I suffer the misfortune of having Tom "Niedermeyer" Cotton as one of my senators, not my congressman. The current representative from my district is a standard-issue GOP finance-sector drone named J. French Hill.No, not "J. Fred Muggs".Or even "J. Floyd Gluggs". Vootie!
;)
posted by  Ivory Bill Woodpecker : 9:52 AM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Thursday, January 07, 2016
Spooks! Drugs! Theft! War!
"The Syrian Civil War." That's what Wikipedia calls it, but is the title accurate? The jihadis are mostly foreign imports, and the so-called "Free Syrian Army" is a joke. I propose that we ask Wikipedia to change its terminology, to better reflect the fact that government of Bashar Assad has been besieged by outsiders.
Such a change would constitute a genuine triumph -- one which would force Americans to think of this conflict in a new way.
By the way: In an earlier post, I noted a poll (by a British polling organization known for getting accurate results in conflict zones) which stated that Bashar Assad had a 47% approval rating in Syria, a higher number than Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump can claim in this country. It occurs to me that Assad's number would zoom well beyond the 50% mark if the Syrian refugees came home. Most of those who fled Syria are Alawites, Christians, and Sunnis who left because they face persecution or death under the jihadis.
Bethany Koval is a 16 year-old Jewish girl in New Jersey who faces suspension from her high school -- for "bullying"! -- because her Twitter feed has been pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel.
She said she became interested in politics over the last few years after realizing "I've been fed all kinds of kinds of propaganda and I started to question a lot of it." She said she joined Twitter because "I really wanted an outlet to express my views and find people who had similar views." Koval posted wide-ranging discussions of abortion rights, Hillary Clinton's record, and the Syrian civil wear. She said she has family in Israel and grew outraged about the country's treatment of Palestinians in 2014 after seeing video of civilians bombed in Gaza.
I'm not a fan of Twitter, but I like this brave young lady. She deserves to be read, and she deserves our support.
Bethany, if you ever read these words, and if you ever you want to dip your toes into Blogworld, I would love to publish an essay by you on the Palestinian cause. I cannot claim that this blog is important and powerful, but Cannonfire has been around for more than a decade, and words published here do get read. Every so often, the audience swells to a sizable number.
(For more on Bethany Koval's story, see here and here.)
Sandra Bland: The cop who arrested her has been arrested for perjury. I don't know precisely what happened to Bland, but I doubt that anyone truly believes the official story in this case.
You gotta love Michael Oren. Whenever this guy speaks up for Israel, he insures that the rest of the world hates that country just a little bit more. Right now, he is calling for a "hasbara Iron Dome" against the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement.
A very telling phrase, that: Iron Dome (the Israel missile defense system) was an utter failure, as Norman Finkelstein has pointed out on many occasions. Something similar can be said about the hasbara (explanation) program online. So far, that task has largely been left to a group of sneering young Israeli students who can't explain how to tie a shoe without spewing "Fuck you, Nazi!" Being young and filled with resentment, these kids invariably alienate the very people they hope to persuade. If I had money, I would pay them to do that kind of "hasbara."
(The cartoon to your right is explained here, if any further explanation is needed.)
Every time Oren speaks, he reminds me of that marvelous exchange in Woody Allen's Deconstructing Harry:
Brother-in-law: I know, I know: You think I'm filled with Jewish paranoia.
Harry (Woody): I think you're the opposite of a paranoid. I think you go around with the insane delusion that people like you.
That's the quintessence of Oren's whole act, isn't it?
Economic samsara: Phil Ebersole has come to an important revelation...
We used to call this Reaganomics.
Now we call it neoliberalism.
Many people thought it was a plausible response to the economic stagnation and high inflation of the late 1970s.
I myself thought it was worth a try (more fool I).
I wouldn’t have objected to making rich people richer if everybody else had benefited in the long run.
But this isn’t how things worked out.
Instead:
Wage increases stopped keeping pace with productivity.
The CEO-worker wage gap took off.
The financial sector grew at the expense of manufacturing.
Wall Street profits skyrocketed.
The income gap between the super-rich and the rest of us widened.
Corporate debt, consumer debt and government debt rose.
What went wrong?
I now realize I misunderstood how taxes and incentives work.
I thought that if corporations and investors could retain more income, they would invest more.
But instead the incentive was for executives and investors to draw out more.
If corporate profits and executive salaries are taxed at a high top rate, then the incentive is to shelter profits from taxation by re-investing them.
A high marginal tax rate diminishes the value of profit, but also the impact of losses, which can be deducted from taxable income.
The Better Business Climate model instead created incentives for what Leopold called Financial Strip-Mining—that is to say, extracting wealth rather than creating value.
Investing in debt became more profitable than investing in production.
One example is the leveraged buy-out.
He then goes on to talk about Bain Capital and smarmy tricks like stock buy-backs.
By the way, most of this stuff was fairly obvious back in the 1980s. Neoliberalism was never anything more than a scheme to strip-mine the American economy. This country was never more prosperous or productive than in the heyday of Keynesianism.
Bulgaria and ISIS. Thierry Meyssan became notorious when he invented one of the most idiotic 9/11 theories; as far as I know, he has yet to apologize. Still, many years have passed, and perhaps he has earned some measure of forgiveness. This piece is intriguing: "How Bulgaria supplied drugs and weapons to Al-Qaïda and Daesh."
(Being a creature of habit, I still prefer the term "ISIS" to "Daesh.")
Bulgaria supplies the Captagon -- the drug fueling the Syrian war. We often forget that the monsters of ISIS are hyped up on crazy pills. In a sense, they are Sid Gottlieb's jihadis.
The first thing you have to know about modern Bulgaria is that the current prime minister is one Boïko Borissov. He likes to present himself as a corruption-fighting patriot -- but according to Meyssan, he's more like a James Bond villain.
In 2008, the German specialist in organised crime, Jürgen Roth, qualified Boïko Borissov as a « Bulgarian Al Capone » [4].
Having himself become Prime Minister, and while his country was already a member of NATO and the EU, he was solicited by the Agency to help in the secret war against Mouamar el-Kadhafi. Boïko Borissov supplied Captagon, manufactured by the SIC, to the al-Qaïda jihadists in Libya. The CIA rendered this synthetic drug more attractive and more powerful by mixing it with a natural drug, hashish, which made it easier to manipulate the fighters and make them more terrifying, in line with the work of Bernard Lewis [5]. Following that, Borissov extended this market to Syria.
But most importantly, the CIA, using the profile of an ex-Warsaw Pact member which had recently joined NATO, bought from him 500 million dollars’ worth of Soviet-type weaponry and transported it to Syria — mainly 18,800 portable anti-tank grenade launchers and 700 Konkurs anti-tank missile systems.
I'd feel better about pursuing this line of investigation if the information came from someone I trust more than I trust Meyssan. Still: Interesting stuff, and worth double-checking.
(Before you comment: Please re-read the rules in the upper left-hand corner.)
"I polished that handle so carefully..." Victoria Nuland, as you know, has been doing all sorts of mischief in the State Department on the Russian front. How did she get the gig? What are her qualifications?
...but Victoria Nuland? Are you kidding me? She basically took a course in Russian literature as an undergraduate and that is the level of her expertise in Russian affairs--not to mention her references to Europe with obscenities.
Wow. I took a course in Russian literature at UCLA -- and did rather well, actually. Can I have Vicky's job? Betcha I can do it a whole lot better...
FINALLY...
In light of my recent health scare...
In recognition of the amazing generosity of my readers...
This one word, insufficient as it is...
Thanks.
Permalink
posted: 5:15 AM
3 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
I think you may be overly optimistic regarding Wikipedia's ability to process politically neutral facts. If it comes from NYT, Reuters or a similar venerable institution of journalistic integrity it is essentially word of God. Relying on the word of experts in the field or even hard facts generally won't pass muster unless they're supported by a recognizable and respected source. Just look at their opening statements on Syria:"The unrest began in the early spring of 2011 within the context of Arab Spring protests, with nationwide protests against President Bashar al-Assad's government, whose forces responded with crackdowns."Now, as far as I recall, the protests in Dara where as far from "nationwide" as you could possibly get and remain in the same state. Despite Damascus and Allepo having the vast majority of Syria's human rights and democratic reform groups, there were no major protests in Damascus at the time. In fact, efforts by online activists to rally 'pro-democracy' protestors drew only a small handful of people who soon dispersed. Instead it was the literal border town of Dara, home to a hardcore of militant extremists, many of them fresh from Libya, were protests began. While Wikipedia mentions these, it tries to paint them as part of some national uprising against the government rather than an isolated regional, and religiously motivated, protest movement that was, from the very outset, manipulated by the Western press who inflated its size (boosting Dara's population more than threefold) and exaggerating government use of force while downplaying that of the 'protestors'. While Wikipedia now acknowledges that buildings were burnt and security personnel killed even during in the earliest stages, for the first years of the conflict this was ignored by the mainstream press (and even now it tries to downplay its relevance).The problem with Wikipedia is that you may not even be dealing with hasbara-type government sponsored propagandists, the vast majority of its editors are people who feel educated about specific subjects because they follow the mainstream news or have taken college courses in related subjects. I've met journalists who've written editorials on Middle Eastern problems who know vastly less about the subject than what you have shared here, and many professors at respected universities who claim to be experts in areas of international security who are utterly unaware of the depth of information and insight that can be found at blogs such as Moon of Alabama. In both groups straying too far from 'accepted wisdom' is seen, rightly so, as being inimical to the development of one's career.Rather than hoping to change Wikipedia it would be far better to create an alternate too it. Not so broad in scope, of course, but for subjects of import having a organised repository of the nuggets of data-gold that sites such as these regularly unearth, would be invaluable.
posted by  Bran : 7:24 AM
Civil wars are rarely civil wars. Look at the Spanish Civil War. Or the Russian Civil War. Or the Kurdish Civil War. I don't know how popular Obama is in America but he seems to be quite popular here. Today I encountered a man, over ninety years old he said, who was very fond of him. Between talking about Cameron robbing the working class and what I think was intimations of the Muslims taking over, he let on that he thinks Barry is well intentioned, but isn't able to get things done because of the people around him. Also, he thought Barry wanted to take all of your guns, and he was very in favour of that. Also, he thought the best time in history was the thirties to the fifties. Buzzbombs, death, rickets, lovely, no doubt.You may remember Bulgaria being involved with Gladio operations, the attempted Popicide and similar shenanigans back in the Cold War period.
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 8:56 AM
no You can't have ms vickies job because you didn't marry into the family of rage.May be next time;)
posted by  jo6pac : 10:16 PM
Post a Comment
<< Home
Wednesday, January 06, 2016
Shadow government
I've mentioned former Republican congressional staffer Mike Lofgren in a couple of previous posts. This interview pushes his new book -- “The Deep State: The Fall of the Constitution and the Rise of a Shadow Government” -- straight to the top of my "must read" list. A few excerpts:
What are the key institutions and players within the deep state?
The key institutions are exactly what people would think they are. The military-industrial complex; the Pentagon and all their contractors (but also, now, our entire homeland security apparatus); the Department of Treasury; the Justice Department; certain courts, like the southern district of Manhattan, and the eastern district of Virginia; the FISA courts. And you got this kind of rump Congress that consists of certain people in the leadership, defense and intelligence committees who kind of know what’s going on. The rest of Congress doesn’t really know or care; they’re too busy looking about the next election.
So that’s the governmental aspect. What about in the private sector?
You’ve got Wall Street. Many of these people — whether it is David Petraeus … or someone like [Bill] Daley, who is the former chief of staff to President Obama … or Hank Paulson, who came from Goldman Sachs to become Treasury Secretary and bailed out Wall Street in 2008; or the people that Obama chose to be Treasury secretary — like Tim Geithner. They all have that Wall Street connection.
And the third thing now is Silicon Valley.
Which raises the question of whether the line between the public sector and the private sector even matters anymore, at least when it comes to the deep state.
It is hard to distinguish them anymore.
All these guys simply go through the revolving door to the point where you can hardly distinguish [government employees from private sector workers]. A good percentage of the people sitting at their desks right now in the Pentagon are private sector contractors. They are literally in the Pentagon, in the NSA building, in all these organizations. They are the ones who essentially run the show, by virtue of having the technical knowledge.
Do the people who work in the deep state have a common ideology or narrative that they tell themselves and one another, something that justifies their behavior or explains why their interventions into the democratic process are “necessary”?
I think it’s an ideology that dare not speak its name. They claim it is not an ideology, that it is simply their technocratic expertise giving you the benefit of their knowledge. However, their knowledge is always based on a neoconservative view of foreign policy, [and] in domestic policy, it enforces neoliberalism.
We may interpret this as an insider's confirmation of certain key precepts posited by Peter Dale Scott and other observers.
Jamie's journey. For an interesting example of a "Deep Stater," I invite you to consider the example of Jamie Gorelick, the former Deputy Attorney General during the Clinton administration. After her tour of duty under Clinton, she was transported to a magic land where money rains down from a cloudless sky.
Please note: I am going to link to Gorelick's Wikipedia page as it currently stands. I suspect that this text may soon morph, so snatch it while you can. Although the person who compiled these facts obviously has an angle, the citations seem to be valid.
While serving as Deputy Attorney General under Bill Clinton, Gorelick spoke in favor of banning the use of strong encryption and called for a key escrow system to allow the Federal government access to encrypted communication.[5]
Gorelick is a lobbyist for the lending industry fighting student loan reform[6]
Even though she had no previous training nor experience in finance, Gorelick was appointed Vice Chairman of Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) from 1997 to 2003. She served alongside former Clinton Administration official Franklin Raines.[7] During that period, Fannie Mae developed a $10 billion accounting scandal.[8]
On March 25, 2002, Business Week interviewed Gorelick about the health of Fannie Mae. Gorelick is quoted as saying, "We believe we are managed safely. We are very pleased that Moody's gave us an A-minus in the area of bank financial strength – without a reference to the government in any way. Fannie Mae is among the handful of top-quality institutions."[9] One year later, Government Regulators "accused Fannie Mae of improper accounting to the tune of $9 billion in unrecorded losses".[10]
In an additional scandal concerning falsified financial transactions that helped the company meet earnings targets for 1998, a "manipulation" that triggered multimillion-dollar bonuses for top executives,[11] Gorelick received $779,625.
A 2006 report of an investigation by the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight into Fannie Mae's accounting practices and corporate governance revealed that from 1998 to 2002 Gorelick received a total of $26,466,834.00 in income.[12]
Is there an honest way for a former government employee to make that kind of money in the finance industry within the space of four years, despite having no experience in that industry? Perhaps so -- but only if we define the word "honest" in the strictest, most legalistic sense.
Our spooky president. Let's return to the Lofgren interview. He has some interesting things to say about Obama:
I once made a joke to a friend that President Obama was to the deep state what the press secretary is to the president. Was I closer to the truth than I realized? Or was I going too far?
I don’t believe so. [Obama] was a guy who was so carefully cultivated. You saw that already in the 2004 Democratic convention. He was going to filibuster the FISA Amendments Act regarding the telecoms illegal collusion with intelligence agencies, but somewhere in 2008, he decided he was going to vote for it. And that was right about the time that somebody supplied him with John Brennan, the current CIA director, who was going to tutor him on what it takes to be president from the national security perspective.
It doesn’t suggest a lot of autonomy on Obama’s part.
This guy is to some extent controlled. That doesn’t mean he is not articulate or bright or doesn’t know what’s going on; he is obviously more so, on all accounts, than his predecessor. But Obama, or any other president, has a very limited latitude of what he’s going to do on the very big issues of international finance and national security. He is very hemmed-in on those accounts. So he becomes a kind of a spokesman.
As readers know, I have posited the theory that Obama was tagged by the CIA back in the 1970s, and may even hail from a CIA-linked family. See here, here, here, here, here and here.
Lofgren does not actually endorse that theory. But am I out of line to suggest that the "Obama as CIA" idea may lurk behind his words?
When a politician has an Agency history, you can usually smell it on him (or her). It's like a subtle perfume -- you can't quite place it, but there's definitely something in the air. The nose knows, as they say.
Incidentally, the "Obama as CIA asset" theory had its origins in these very pages. Most people who know of the theory associate it with Wayne Madsen. To the best of my knowledge, Madsen did not address the topic until 2010, while my series on Obama and the CIA originated in 2008.
Madsen went on to write a book titled The Manufacturing of a President, which I cannot recommend. Like so many catastrophically disorganized volumes produced by conspiracy theorists, the book overflows with detritus and nonsense, rather like Fibber Magee's closet. As one of my exes used to say: "That's not an essay -- it's a brain dump." Only a small fraction of Madsen's book addresses the question of Obama's possible relationship to CIA -- and only a fraction of that fraction contains information not previously published in this humble blog, which Madsen never mentions. (He also completely misinterprets the career of our president's father.)
FINALLY...
In light of my recent health scare...
In recognition of the amazing generosity of my readers...
This one word, insufficient as it is...
Thanks.
Permalink
posted: 6:18 AM
3 COMMENTS - CLICK HERE
Comments:
The United Fruit Company know there never was a line between private and public sectors at the highest levels.Wikipedia allow you to see previous versions of pages. Whether they offer accurate versions I can't say.
posted by  Stephen Morgan : 11:59 AM
Glad you're feeling better, J!I think virtually all governments, certainly at the national level, have a deep state. The problem in the US is that the Deep State has become top-heavy and it's dragging the rest of the country down (along with much of the world). What I'd like quantified is how many Americans are hip to the existence and machinations of the Deep State.
posted by  Anonymous : 2:35 PM
Thanks for all the links from the past that is strangely the future. I have always felt the one that is potus is a plant. Then just every once in while some one slips through the looking glass JFK.
posted by  jo6pac : 7:41 PM
Post a Comment
<< Home
FeedWind
FeedWind
- All old posts -
3/7/04 - 3/14/04
3/14/04 - 3/21/04
3/21/04 - 3/28/04
3/28/04 - 4/4/04
4/4/04 - 4/11/04
4/11/04 - 4/18/04
4/18/04 - 4/25/04
4/25/04 - 5/2/04
5/2/04 - 5/9/04
5/9/04 - 5/16/04
5/16/04 - 5/23/04
5/23/04 - 5/30/04
5/30/04 - 6/6/04
6/6/04 - 6/13/04
6/13/04 - 6/20/04
6/20/04 - 6/27/04
6/27/04 - 7/4/04
7/4/04 - 7/11/04
7/11/04 - 7/18/04
7/18/04 - 7/25/04
7/25/04 - 8/1/04
8/22/04 - 8/29/04
8/29/04 - 9/5/04
9/5/04 - 9/12/04
9/12/04 - 9/19/04
9/19/04 - 9/26/04
9/26/04 - 10/3/04
10/3/04 - 10/10/04
10/10/04 - 10/17/04
10/17/04 - 10/24/04
10/24/04 - 10/31/04
10/31/04 - 11/7/04
11/7/04 - 11/14/04
11/14/04 - 11/21/04
11/21/04 - 11/28/04
11/28/04 - 12/5/04
12/5/04 - 12/12/04
12/12/04 - 12/19/04
12/19/04 - 12/26/04
12/26/04 - 1/2/05
1/2/05 - 1/9/05
1/9/05 - 1/16/05
1/16/05 - 1/23/05
1/30/05 - 2/6/05
2/6/05 - 2/13/05
2/13/05 - 2/20/05
2/20/05 - 2/27/05
2/27/05 - 3/6/05
3/6/05 - 3/13/05
3/13/05 - 3/20/05
3/20/05 - 3/27/05
3/27/05 - 4/3/05
4/3/05 - 4/10/05
4/10/05 - 4/17/05
4/17/05 - 4/24/05
4/24/05 - 5/1/05
5/1/05 - 5/8/05
5/8/05 - 5/15/05
5/15/05 - 5/22/05
5/22/05 - 5/29/05
5/29/05 - 6/5/05
6/5/05 - 6/12/05
6/12/05 - 6/19/05
6/19/05 - 6/26/05
6/26/05 - 7/3/05
7/3/05 - 7/10/05
7/10/05 - 7/17/05
7/17/05 - 7/24/05
7/24/05 - 7/31/05
7/31/05 - 8/7/05
8/7/05 - 8/14/05
8/14/05 - 8/21/05
8/21/05 - 8/28/05
8/28/05 - 9/4/05
9/4/05 - 9/11/05
9/11/05 - 9/18/05
9/18/05 - 9/25/05
9/25/05 - 10/2/05
10/2/05 - 10/9/05
10/9/05 - 10/16/05
10/16/05 - 10/23/05
10/23/05 - 10/30/05
10/30/05 - 11/6/05
11/6/05 - 11/13/05
11/13/05 - 11/20/05
11/20/05 - 11/27/05
11/27/05 - 12/4/05
12/4/05 - 12/11/05
12/11/05 - 12/18/05
12/18/05 - 12/25/05
12/25/05 - 1/1/06
1/1/06 - 1/8/06
1/8/06 - 1/15/06
1/15/06 - 1/22/06
1/22/06 - 1/29/06
1/29/06 - 2/5/06
2/5/06 - 2/12/06
2/12/06 - 2/19/06
2/19/06 - 2/26/06
2/26/06 - 3/5/06
3/5/06 - 3/12/06
3/12/06 - 3/19/06
3/19/06 - 3/26/06
3/26/06 - 4/2/06
4/2/06 - 4/9/06
4/9/06 - 4/16/06
4/16/06 - 4/23/06
4/23/06 - 4/30/06
4/30/06 - 5/7/06
5/7/06 - 5/14/06
5/14/06 - 5/21/06
5/21/06 - 5/28/06
5/28/06 - 6/4/06
6/4/06 - 6/11/06
6/11/06 - 6/18/06
6/18/06 - 6/25/06
6/25/06 - 7/2/06
7/2/06 - 7/9/06
7/9/06 - 7/16/06
7/16/06 - 7/23/06
7/23/06 - 7/30/06
7/30/06 - 8/6/06
8/6/06 - 8/13/06
8/13/06 - 8/20/06
8/20/06 - 8/27/06
8/27/06 - 9/3/06
9/3/06 - 9/10/06
9/10/06 - 9/17/06
9/17/06 - 9/24/06
9/24/06 - 10/1/06
10/1/06 - 10/8/06
10/8/06 - 10/15/06
10/15/06 - 10/22/06
10/22/06 - 10/29/06
10/29/06 - 11/5/06
11/5/06 - 11/12/06
11/12/06 - 11/19/06
11/19/06 - 11/26/06
11/26/06 - 12/3/06
12/3/06 - 12/10/06
12/10/06 - 12/17/06
12/17/06 - 12/24/06
12/24/06 - 12/31/06
12/31/06 - 1/7/07
1/7/07 - 1/14/07
1/14/07 - 1/21/07
1/21/07 - 1/28/07
1/28/07 - 2/4/07
2/4/07 - 2/11/07
2/11/07 - 2/18/07
2/18/07 - 2/25/07
2/25/07 - 3/4/07
3/4/07 - 3/11/07
3/11/07 - 3/18/07
3/18/07 - 3/25/07
3/25/07 - 4/1/07
4/1/07 - 4/8/07
4/8/07 - 4/15/07
4/15/07 - 4/22/07
4/22/07 - 4/29/07
4/29/07 - 5/6/07
5/6/07 - 5/13/07
5/13/07 - 5/20/07
5/20/07 - 5/27/07
5/27/07 - 6/3/07
6/3/07 - 6/10/07
6/10/07 - 6/17/07
6/17/07 - 6/24/07
6/24/07 - 7/1/07
7/1/07 - 7/8/07
7/8/07 - 7/15/07
7/15/07 - 7/22/07
7/22/07 - 7/29/07
7/29/07 - 8/5/07
8/5/07 - 8/12/07
8/12/07 - 8/19/07
8/19/07 - 8/26/07
8/26/07 - 9/2/07
9/2/07 - 9/9/07
9/9/07 - 9/16/07
9/16/07 - 9/23/07
9/23/07 - 9/30/07
9/30/07 - 10/7/07
10/7/07 - 10/14/07
10/14/07 - 10/21/07
10/21/07 - 10/28/07
10/28/07 - 11/4/07
11/4/07 - 11/11/07
11/11/07 - 11/18/07
11/18/07 - 11/25/07
11/25/07 - 12/2/07
12/2/07 - 12/9/07
12/9/07 - 12/16/07
12/16/07 - 12/23/07
12/23/07 - 12/30/07
12/30/07 - 1/6/08
1/6/08 - 1/13/08
1/13/08 - 1/20/08
1/20/08 - 1/27/08
1/27/08 - 2/3/08
2/3/08 - 2/10/08
2/10/08 - 2/17/08
2/17/08 - 2/24/08
2/24/08 - 3/2/08
3/2/08 - 3/9/08
3/9/08 - 3/16/08
3/16/08 - 3/23/08
3/23/08 - 3/30/08
3/30/08 - 4/6/08
4/6/08 - 4/13/08
4/13/08 - 4/20/08
4/20/08 - 4/27/08
4/27/08 - 5/4/08
5/4/08 - 5/11/08
5/11/08 - 5/18/08
5/18/08 - 5/25/08
5/25/08 - 6/1/08
6/1/08 - 6/8/08
6/8/08 - 6/15/08
6/15/08 - 6/22/08
6/22/08 - 6/29/08
6/29/08 - 7/6/08
7/6/08 - 7/13/08
7/13/08 - 7/20/08
7/20/08 - 7/27/08
7/27/08 - 8/3/08
8/3/08 - 8/10/08
8/10/08 - 8/17/08
8/17/08 - 8/24/08
8/24/08 - 8/31/08
8/31/08 - 9/7/08
9/7/08 - 9/14/08
9/14/08 - 9/21/08
9/21/08 - 9/28/08
9/28/08 - 10/5/08
10/5/08 - 10/12/08
10/12/08 - 10/19/08
10/19/08 - 10/26/08
10/26/08 - 11/2/08
11/2/08 - 11/9/08
11/9/08 - 11/16/08
11/16/08 - 11/23/08
11/23/08 - 11/30/08
11/30/08 - 12/7/08
12/7/08 - 12/14/08
12/14/08 - 12/21/08
12/21/08 - 12/28/08
12/28/08 - 1/4/09
1/4/09 - 1/11/09
1/11/09 - 1/18/09
1/18/09 - 1/25/09
1/25/09 - 2/1/09
2/1/09 - 2/8/09
2/8/09 - 2/15/09
2/15/09 - 2/22/09
2/22/09 - 3/1/09
3/1/09 - 3/8/09
3/8/09 - 3/15/09
3/15/09 - 3/22/09
3/22/09 - 3/29/09
3/29/09 - 4/5/09
4/5/09 - 4/12/09
4/12/09 - 4/19/09
4/19/09 - 4/26/09
4/26/09 - 5/3/09
5/3/09 - 5/10/09
5/10/09 - 5/17/09
5/17/09 - 5/24/09
5/24/09 - 5/31/09
5/31/09 - 6/7/09
6/7/09 - 6/14/09
6/14/09 - 6/21/09
6/21/09 - 6/28/09
6/28/09 - 7/5/09
7/5/09 - 7/12/09
7/12/09 - 7/19/09
7/19/09 - 7/26/09
7/26/09 - 8/2/09
8/2/09 - 8/9/09
8/9/09 - 8/16/09
8/16/09 - 8/23/09
8/23/09 - 8/30/09
8/30/09 - 9/6/09
9/6/09 - 9/13/09
9/13/09 - 9/20/09
9/20/09 - 9/27/09
9/27/09 - 10/4/09
10/4/09 - 10/11/09
10/11/09 - 10/18/09
10/18/09 - 10/25/09
10/25/09 - 11/1/09
11/1/09 - 11/8/09
11/8/09 - 11/15/09
11/15/09 - 11/22/09
11/22/09 - 11/29/09
11/29/09 - 12/6/09
12/6/09 - 12/13/09
12/13/09 - 12/20/09
12/20/09 - 12/27/09
12/27/09 - 1/3/10
1/3/10 - 1/10/10
1/10/10 - 1/17/10
1/17/10 - 1/24/10
1/24/10 - 1/31/10
1/31/10 - 2/7/10
2/7/10 - 2/14/10
2/14/10 - 2/21/10
2/21/10 - 2/28/10
2/28/10 - 3/7/10
7/18/10 - 7/25/10
11/14/10 - 11/21/10
11/21/10 - 11/28/10
11/28/10 - 12/5/10
12/5/10 - 12/12/10
12/12/10 - 12/19/10
12/19/10 - 12/26/10
12/26/10 - 1/2/11
1/2/11 - 1/9/11
1/9/11 - 1/16/11
1/16/11 - 1/23/11
1/23/11 - 1/30/11
1/30/11 - 2/6/11
2/6/11 - 2/13/11
2/13/11 - 2/20/11
2/20/11 - 2/27/11
2/27/11 - 3/6/11
3/6/11 - 3/13/11
3/13/11 - 3/20/11
3/20/11 - 3/27/11
3/27/11 - 4/3/11
4/3/11 - 4/10/11
4/10/11 - 4/17/11
4/17/11 - 4/24/11
4/24/11 - 5/1/11
5/1/11 - 5/8/11
5/8/11 - 5/15/11
5/15/11 - 5/22/11
5/22/11 - 5/29/11
5/29/11 - 6/5/11
6/5/11 - 6/12/11
6/12/11 - 6/19/11
6/19/11 - 6/26/11
6/26/11 - 7/3/11
7/3/11 - 7/10/11
7/10/11 - 7/17/11
7/17/11 - 7/24/11
7/24/11 - 7/31/11
7/31/11 - 8/7/11
8/7/11 - 8/14/11
8/14/11 - 8/21/11
8/21/11 - 8/28/11
8/28/11 - 9/4/11
9/4/11 - 9/11/11
9/11/11 - 9/18/11
9/18/11 - 9/25/11
9/25/11 - 10/2/11
10/2/11 - 10/9/11
10/9/11 - 10/16/11
10/16/11 - 10/23/11
10/23/11 - 10/30/11
10/30/11 - 11/6/11
11/6/11 - 11/13/11
11/13/11 - 11/20/11
11/20/11 - 11/27/11
11/27/11 - 12/4/11
12/4/11 - 12/11/11
12/11/11 - 12/18/11
12/18/11 - 12/25/11
12/25/11 - 1/1/12
1/1/12 - 1/8/12
1/8/12 - 1/15/12
1/15/12 - 1/22/12
1/22/12 - 1/29/12
1/29/12 - 2/5/12
2/5/12 - 2/12/12
2/12/12 - 2/19/12
2/19/12 - 2/26/12
2/26/12 - 3/4/12
3/4/12 - 3/11/12
3/11/12 - 3/18/12
3/18/12 - 3/25/12
3/25/12 - 4/1/12
4/1/12 - 4/8/12
4/8/12 - 4/15/12
4/15/12 - 4/22/12
4/22/12 - 4/29/12
4/29/12 - 5/6/12
5/6/12 - 5/13/12
5/13/12 - 5/20/12
5/20/12 - 5/27/12
5/27/12 - 6/3/12
6/3/12 - 6/10/12
6/10/12 - 6/17/12
6/17/12 - 6/24/12
6/24/12 - 7/1/12
7/1/12 - 7/8/12
7/8/12 - 7/15/12
7/15/12 - 7/22/12
7/22/12 - 7/29/12
7/29/12 - 8/5/12
8/5/12 - 8/12/12
8/12/12 - 8/19/12
8/19/12 - 8/26/12
8/26/12 - 9/2/12
9/2/12 - 9/9/12
9/9/12 - 9/16/12
9/16/12 - 9/23/12
9/23/12 - 9/30/12
9/30/12 - 10/7/12
10/7/12 - 10/14/12
10/14/12 - 10/21/12
10/21/12 - 10/28/12
10/28/12 - 11/4/12
11/4/12 - 11/11/12
11/11/12 - 11/18/12
11/18/12 - 11/25/12
11/25/12 - 12/2/12
12/2/12 - 12/9/12
12/9/12 - 12/16/12
12/16/12 - 12/23/12
12/23/12 - 12/30/12
12/30/12 - 1/6/13
1/6/13 - 1/13/13
1/13/13 - 1/20/13
1/20/13 - 1/27/13
1/27/13 - 2/3/13
2/3/13 - 2/10/13
2/10/13 - 2/17/13
2/17/13 - 2/24/13
2/24/13 - 3/3/13
3/3/13 - 3/10/13
3/10/13 - 3/17/13
3/17/13 - 3/24/13
3/24/13 - 3/31/13
3/31/13 - 4/7/13
4/7/13 - 4/14/13
4/14/13 - 4/21/13
4/21/13 - 4/28/13
4/28/13 - 5/5/13
5/5/13 - 5/12/13
5/12/13 - 5/19/13
5/19/13 - 5/26/13
5/26/13 - 6/2/13
6/2/13 - 6/9/13
6/9/13 - 6/16/13
6/16/13 - 6/23/13
6/23/13 - 6/30/13
6/30/13 - 7/7/13
7/7/13 - 7/14/13
7/14/13 - 7/21/13
7/21/13 - 7/28/13
7/28/13 - 8/4/13
8/4/13 - 8/11/13
8/11/13 - 8/18/13
8/18/13 - 8/25/13
8/25/13 - 9/1/13
9/1/13 - 9/8/13
9/8/13 - 9/15/13
9/15/13 - 9/22/13
9/22/13 - 9/29/13
9/29/13 - 10/6/13
10/6/13 - 10/13/13
10/13/13 - 10/20/13
10/20/13 - 10/27/13
10/27/13 - 11/3/13
11/3/13 - 11/10/13
11/10/13 - 11/17/13
11/17/13 - 11/24/13
11/24/13 - 12/1/13
12/1/13 - 12/8/13
12/8/13 - 12/15/13
12/15/13 - 12/22/13
12/22/13 - 12/29/13
12/29/13 - 1/5/14
1/5/14 - 1/12/14
1/12/14 - 1/19/14
1/19/14 - 1/26/14
1/26/14 - 2/2/14
2/2/14 - 2/9/14
2/9/14 - 2/16/14
2/16/14 - 2/23/14
2/23/14 - 3/2/14
3/2/14 - 3/9/14
3/9/14 - 3/16/14
3/16/14 - 3/23/14
3/23/14 - 3/30/14
3/30/14 - 4/6/14
4/6/14 - 4/13/14
4/13/14 - 4/20/14
4/20/14 - 4/27/14
4/27/14 - 5/4/14
5/4/14 - 5/11/14
5/11/14 - 5/18/14
5/18/14 - 5/25/14
5/25/14 - 6/1/14
6/1/14 - 6/8/14
6/8/14 - 6/15/14
6/15/14 - 6/22/14
6/22/14 - 6/29/14
6/29/14 - 7/6/14
7/6/14 - 7/13/14
7/13/14 - 7/20/14
7/20/14 - 7/27/14
7/27/14 - 8/3/14
8/3/14 - 8/10/14
8/10/14 - 8/17/14
8/17/14 - 8/24/14
8/24/14 - 8/31/14
8/31/14 - 9/7/14
9/7/14 - 9/14/14
9/14/14 - 9/21/14
9/21/14 - 9/28/14
9/28/14 - 10/5/14
10/5/14 - 10/12/14
10/12/14 - 10/19/14
10/19/14 - 10/26/14
10/26/14 - 11/2/14
11/2/14 - 11/9/14
11/9/14 - 11/16/14
11/16/14 - 11/23/14
11/23/14 - 11/30/14
11/30/14 - 12/7/14
12/7/14 - 12/14/14
12/14/14 - 12/21/14
12/21/14 - 12/28/14
12/28/14 - 1/4/15
1/4/15 - 1/11/15
1/11/15 - 1/18/15
1/18/15 - 1/25/15
1/25/15 - 2/1/15
2/1/15 - 2/8/15
2/8/15 - 2/15/15
2/15/15 - 2/22/15
2/22/15 - 3/1/15
3/1/15 - 3/8/15
3/8/15 - 3/15/15
3/15/15 - 3/22/15
3/22/15 - 3/29/15
3/29/15 - 4/5/15
4/5/15 - 4/12/15
4/12/15 - 4/19/15
4/19/15 - 4/26/15
4/26/15 - 5/3/15
5/3/15 - 5/10/15
5/10/15 - 5/17/15
5/17/15 - 5/24/15
5/24/15 - 5/31/15
5/31/15 - 6/7/15
6/7/15 - 6/14/15
6/14/15 - 6/21/15
6/21/15 - 6/28/15
6/28/15 - 7/5/15
7/5/15 - 7/12/15
7/12/15 - 7/19/15
7/19/15 - 7/26/15
7/26/15 - 8/2/15
8/2/15 - 8/9/15
8/9/15 - 8/16/15
8/16/15 - 8/23/15
8/23/15 - 8/30/15
8/30/15 - 9/6/15
9/6/15 - 9/13/15
9/13/15 - 9/20/15
9/20/15 - 9/27/15
9/27/15 - 10/4/15
10/4/15 - 10/11/15
10/11/15 - 10/18/15
10/18/15 - 10/25/15
10/25/15 - 11/1/15
11/1/15 - 11/8/15
11/8/15 - 11/15/15
11/15/15 - 11/22/15
11/22/15 - 11/29/15
11/29/15 - 12/6/15
12/6/15 - 12/13/15
12/13/15 - 12/20/15
12/20/15 - 12/27/15
12/27/15 - 1/3/16
1/3/16 - 1/10/16
1/10/16 - 1/17/16
FeedWind