https://www.capri123.com
Capri adult Video Alexandria, La XXX x-rated theater, dvds
Welcome to Capri Adult Video 3
1820 N. MacArthur DriveAlexandria, Louisiana 71303318-767-1669
Capri Video 3 is Cenla's largest adult video store. We have a large selection of xxx dvds, adult novelties and sexy lingerie. Come to our store and preview an x-rated movie in one of our two theaters. Or, if you like, visit our arcades for video clips of adult movies.
So whether it's an x-rated DVD your looking for or a sexy novelty or naughty lingerie, or if you just want to preview the latest xxx movies produced, head on over to Capri Video in Central Louisiana.
Capri Adult Video 3 in Alexandria, Louisiana
Hours of Operation
Sunday: CLOSED
Monday - Sat: 10 AM - Midnight
Important
Most of the GPS maps are incorrect for our location. Please refer to this map:
Click to Enlarge
<previous
next>
play
stop
Since your web browser does not support JavaScript,
here is a non-JavaScript version of the image slideshow:
Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La has sexy lingerie like this pink cami.
Sexy lingerie can be found at Capri Video 3 off Bolton, Hwy 1, Alexandria, Louisiana
Check out our large collection of lingerie.
Check out our large collection of lingerie, adult sex toys and xxx movies.
Hot, sexy stuff at Capri Video 3.
Alexandria Louisiana's number one stop for your sexy night time fun.
Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La. has the sexiest lingerie in Cenla.
Fifty Shades of Grey and all the sexy fun to go with the book are in stock!
Pumps, Restraints, Whips, and Vibrators.. all can be found at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
Sexy lingerie at Capri Video 3, Alexandria, La.
The most competitive prices for Sexy lingerie, xxx movies and sex toys is at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
Capri Video 3 has more sexy lingerie like this.
Alexandria Louisiana's number one stop for your sexy night time fun.
Sexy lingerie in 3X and 4x for the big, beautiful woman can be found at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La. has the sexiest lingerie in Cenla.
Sexy lingerie at Capri Video 3, Alexandria, La.
The most competitive prices for Sexy lingerie, xxx movies and sex toys is at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
Get your stripper pole and a sexy outfit to take off slowly.
Sexy lingerie in 3X and 4x for the big, beautiful woman can be found at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
Pumps, Restraints, Whips, and Vibrators.. all can be found at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
Pumps, Restraints, Whips, and Vibrators.. all can be found at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.
The most competitive prices for Sexy lingerie, xxx movies and sex toys is at Capri Video 3 in Alexandria, La.