https://www.caralott.com
Amy Taylor - World Escort Companion
"All models are at least 18
years old" 18 U.S.C. 2257 Statement.
"In
compliance with the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also
known as 18 U.S.C. 2257), all models located within our domain were
18 years of age or older during the time of photography. The custodian
of records, which is listed below organized by producer, holds all
models proof of age. All content and images are in full compliance
with the requirements of 18 U.S.C. 2257 and associated regulations.
This is not an escort service or offer of prostitution. Money exchanged is for time and companionship only.This site contains adult material that may be offensive to some individuals. The material on this server is adult oriented. Beyond this warning page there are links to material of adult nature. Access is made available only to those who accept the terms of the following agreement. Under perjury of law I solemnly affirm that I am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to possess adult material in my community. I understand the laws and standards set in my community, site and computer to which I am transporting this material, and am solely responsible for my own actions. I am not accessing AmyTaylor.com for the purpose of obtaining information that will be used by me or others in any capacity against the Webmaster of this site, host of this site, its owners, employees or any other parties associated with AmyTaylor.com. By continuing past this page I will have released and discharged the providers, owners and creators of this site from any and all liability which might arise. I am not a law enforcement agent or do I work at all with criminal law. If I use these services in violation of the above and below agreement, I understand I may be in violation of local and federal laws and am solely responsible for my own actions. I understand that bookmarking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is bypassed shall constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms herein set forth. Reproduction of this site is strictly prohibited, this includes pictures, design and all text.
Custodian
of Records Name: Amy Taylor
Address: 11041 Santa Monica Boulevard #713
City, State, Zip: Los Angeles, California 90025
Country: USA
E-mail address: amy@amytaylor.com
LINKS | INDEPENDENT ESCORTS | ESCORT AGENCIES | ESCORT DIRECTORIES
Copyright © 2013 AmyTaylor.com | Design by DreemProject.com