https://www.carlos-morales.com
TrainWithCarlos - Coach Carlos Morales
TrainWithCarlos
Home
Recommended Products
Insanity MAX:30
21 Day Fix
Cize
Shakeology
3 Day Refresh
New! P90 Workout
21 Day Fix Extreme
Body Beast
PiYo
P90X3
FOCUS T25
FREE Membership
Become a Coach
Beachbody On-Demand
Blog
21 Day Challenge
ShakeologySample
Sharing the good news of better health!   Every Day!
Wisdom with purpose!
21 Day Challenge
Thank you for visiting my website!
What is a Beachbody coach? A Beachbody coach is NOT a trainer or a nutritionist. A Beachbody coach
is a regular person, just like you and me, that helps
people accomplish
their goals while accomplishing their own.  This
opportunity has changed my life and I LOVE TO SHARE IT!
Become my partner
Who Am I?
I'm originally from Dominican Republic in the city of Santo Domingo where I grew up till the age of 17 in a middle class neighborhood with a big family all living in one home. So there was a very poor mentality and scarcity. My Passion about being in business for myself is that by seeing my parents not being able to achieve their life long goals and dreams hurts me. Deep down I know they could have done better, but now they both are in their late 60's and still can not retire. Working for 40+ years of their adult life and still can not retire? This has fueled me to break that trend in my family and my future. I will work diligently to not make that same mistake so that my children don't have to worry about me when I of retirement age. I also want to live my best life now! Why Not?!!The are many that will settle at a job and think they have security; and that's fine if that's what makes them happy. But I saw that working for someone else's dream is not my calling.I like to keep things simple, almost to the 3rd grade level. Some of you will notice grammatical errors in this story; guess what I don't care. My message is different! I'm here to empower YOU and to help you achieve your life long dream by FIRST getting in shape and feel better about yourself. SECOND help you become an entrepreneur and be in business for yourself! After years of research and always looking for ways to make additional income; I came across this opportunity of Team Beachbody where now the income generated is surpassing my full-time job income.I have partnered up with my wife on this journey and we have created a system that get's people fit and then financially stable and even debt-free.
Growing up poor created many insecurities in me and as a teen went through a some very embarrassing moments. So my interaction and social life was not the best. As an adult I took on the journey for self improvement and personal development. After attending several seminars and academies. I've been able to overcome my past and see a very clear future. I invite you to take a leap of faith and take on this journey with me. I promise you I will not leave your side.
√ Be your own boss! Set your own hours! Work when you want and where you want! WOOP! √ Minimal startup cost. You can become a Coach
FOR FREE by ordering a challenge pack . (CLICK on the 21 DAY CHALLENGE below) You get a workout and a month supply of Shakeology
PLUS YOUR OWN HOME BASED BUSINESS! √ The more people you help, the more money you earn. (LOVE THIS!) √ No inventory! Team Beachbody takes care of all of that! You simply
direct people to your webpages that are also provided by Beachbody. √ Coaching is a great way to stay accountable to your own health and
fitness goals. You don’t have to be super fit. We are all on a journey!
It is more about inspiring others to join you! √ Not only do you earn bonuses, vacations and 25% commission, but you also get 25% off all of the amazing products! √ There is FULL training available and you will be joining an
exciting team of people just like you that want to help people..that
want MORE out of life..We can do all things through CHRIST! √ Unlike any other company, Beachbody GIVES you free customers AND
spends millions in advertising! P90X, Insanity, Brazil Butt Lift..turn
on the TV right now and I guarantee you will find an infomercial!
21 Day Challenge
Things in life are better enjoyed in full health.  So, do it for you; do it for your loved ones!
Phil 4:13 -  I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me!
Begin your journey today!
I will be your Coach to help you achieve your goals
Take the challenge!
Your information will not be shared.
Name *
First
Last
Email *
How often do you exercise? *
3-5 times a week
Sometimes
Rarely
How much weight are you looking to lose? *
What diets have you tried in the past? if any. *
Why is this important for you accomplish now? The more I know, the better I can help you and direct you when you start the program?
*
How serious are you about this change that you want as you shared in the question above?
*
Very Serious
Some what serious
Not serious, just looking
How it works! This program works because it's an extremely
effective weight control program. Basically there is container system
that simplifies the way you consume your meals each day by not having to
count any calories.
With our simple container system and our personalized meal plan, your
weight-loss will be noticed with in a week of getting started. Be ready
for your friends to ask you all the time "What are you doing?"
So even if you tend to eat out of stress, depression, or boredom, or you
might be a binge eater - instead of eating 3 cookies, you eat the whole
bag - or you might be a nibbler who picks at food all day long, or
you're just plain out-of-control eater... This will help you control and
normalize your appetite and cravings so you don't feel hungry! The
average weight loss is 10 - 20 lbs per month.
So the neat thing is that this program has Shakeology included which
supplies one of your meals of the day, then you can what the meal plan
indicates the rest of the day. Once you've gotten your routine down, you
will begin to understand the point of this new nutrition and
lifestyle.. Best of all how to keep it off!!! 			 	 You must be willing to: Commit to this program for at least 90 days and the program is only $140 (July Only).
Although our main program in by 21 day cycles, I encourage that you do a
total of 3 cycles; this way you are used to the routines and your eating and exercise habits are intact
before you get off the program and decide to move on to better things in
your fitness.
Get the Program
Independent Team Beachbody Coach Carlos Morales
2015© 413Global LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Home
Recommended Products
Insanity MAX:30
21 Day Fix
Cize
Shakeology
3 Day Refresh
New! P90 Workout
21 Day Fix Extreme
Body Beast
PiYo
P90X3
FOCUS T25
FREE Membership
Become a Coach
Beachbody On-Demand
Blog
21 Day Challenge
ShakeologySample
✕