https://www.carnalcorinne.blogspot.com
Did I Tell You to Touch Yourself?
Saturday, December 17, 2005
financial domination / no pay, no play
A fairly large part of being a PSO is solicitation; if you don't get your name out, how is anyone going to find you, right? What's interesting is that it seems to be a lot easier to advertise as a vanilla sex girl than it is as a Domme, because somehow, the approach tends to come off as inexperience and/or profiteering.I am a Domina because I enjoy D/s. That is the bottom line of it for Me. One of the joys of being a Domina is not doing things that I don't want to do; I take the prospect of service very seriously, and, in a BDSM context, expect things to go My way. Enjoying domination, however, does not preclude a desire for proper tribute. This does not mean that I don't care for My pets; I do. I will work with just about any potential slaveboy, but the ones I consider to be *Mine* are carefully chosen. I honor their service to Me...but I still expect payment.I don't want physical gifts from you- I know better than anyone else what would please Me and more likely than not, you won't give Me what I want anyway. Nor do I want your romantic love. Financial slaves are pathetic because they allow themselves to be ruined and while they will never fully satisfy a Woman, they also never stop trying. I adore that. I adore being on the recieving end of a slave's "generosity" because it is a surefire indication of your awareness of your Mistress' superiority. Still, My need for tribute lies beyond my amusement by money slaves; it is basically proof that you are aware that My livelihood lies in torturing you, and because you are so worthless that you need to be broken to feel complete in your sorry little life, you simply *have* to pay Me. There is a disparity in power between you and I. As a Domina, I am an artist; you provide the canvass (your pathetic frame) upon which I work and respectfully pay Me for My time.Nothing in life comes (or should I say, cums?) for free. If you want a Woman to cater to your sick, twisted lil fetishes but are not willing to compensate Her for having to soil Her hands with you, no matter how much She loves the work She does, you've got to be crazy. I am a firm believer that as a slave, if you do not find Me worth paying for, you are not worth a second of My time.Now...show Me what *you* are worth.
posted by me @ 7:52 AM |
1 prayers
Friday, December 16, 2005
mistressforme
so, I heard of this website- http://www.mistressforme.com- and decided to add a profile, just for kicks. Usually, I'm wary of sites like this because they end up far more like personal ad sites and the last thing I am looking for is boys trying for romance, but this one seems different. They seem genuine in their knowledge of the D/s lifestyle, for one, and are also conscientious of the fact that there is more than one type of Mistress/pet relationship. For example, I am looking strictly for phone play, and only that where my pets are willing and able to pay tribute for My attention.I filled out a lot of pretty specific information and posted a picture, so hopefully responses will come through. One thing I've found these sites to be particularly good for is subbie boys who are inexperienced with/unaware of how to initiate a relationship with a Domina, so if nothing else, I like that I am contributing to a site that does such a public service (I really do see it that way...what's a healthy life without the fulfillment of fetishes?).
posted by me @ 8:34 AM |
1 prayers
Tuesday, December 13, 2005
little life lessons
I don't think I pay enough attention to little things until they are gone.I FINALLY have (most of) my voice back and it is amazing to me how much of a difference it makes to be able to speak! Seriously, think about it- how often do you just casually pick up the phone to call someone during the day? Or when you go out somewhere, even just to the grocery store, how often do you just randomly use your voice to say hello or thank you or some such thing?If having laryngitis has taught me anything, it's to STOP HAVING SUCH LOUD SEX AND RUINING MY VOCAL CHORDS!cherish my body and not take anything, no matter how small, for granted. Although I have to say...while I missed being able to chit-chat with my roommate and sing while driving alone in my car and whatnot, it was nowhere near as much as I missed being able to be raunchy and vocal during hot phonesex calls...;)
posted by me @ 8:55 AM |
0 prayers
Wednesday, December 07, 2005
*coughcough* c'mere, li'l boy...*cough*
I don't put much stock- completely, anyway- in one ideology or another, but I do very much believe in astrology simply because it has always worked out accurately for me. That said, being a Taurus is a curse (and a blessing, rumor has it we're really good in bed ;)), as it makes people prone to having throat trouble- this is the second week in a row that my voice has been on the fritz! I'm thinking I need to market my skill at smoking phonesex calls...heh.I'm slooooowly learning my way around this here blogspace, and I like it! I really do! More later, perhaps...
posted by me @ 9:20 AM |
0 prayers
Tuesday, December 06, 2005
is this thing on?
...and if so, what naughty boys do I need to punish to get some attention around here?
posted by me @ 1:37 PM |
1 prayers
--One Taste is Never Enough--
--Cum Play with Corinne!--
--Humiliation Phonesex--
--Corinne@Myspace--
--Worship Me at Yahoo!--
where you might find Me:
Adult Blog Directory
Twisted Blogs
Sexblog Demon
Pornblog Finder
Sex Blogs Directory
Get awesome blog templates like this one from BlogSkins.com