https://www.carnets-pornographiques.com
Click Brands, Inc.
Home
Login
Members
Partners
Integrated Promotional & eCommerce Services
Any Event • Any
Occasion • Any Size
Events& Functions
An email blast, RSVP sign up, registration or simple donation form. Any of the six Click Brand services are available and can cater to your individual needs.
Promotions
A landing page to request information, along with maintaining email addresses and response rates and merchandising product. Any of the Click Brand services can be bundled to meet your needs.
eCommerce
For a single subscription fee all of the six Click Brand services are available to make sure all your needs are met all of the time, for a single event or as many as you like.
Back OfficeManagement
For a single subscription fee all of the six Click Brand services are available to make sure all your needs are met all of the time, for a single event or as many as you like.
Copyright Click Brands, Inc.
All rights reserved.
About Us
About Our Brands
Contact Us
Click Brands, Inc. Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use
Click Brands, Inc. Online Privacy Policy Agreement.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Click Brands, Inc., is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Click Brands, Inc. of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Click Brands, Inc. , and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of www.clickbrandsinc.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
* Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
* Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
Click Brands, Inc. may have the occasion to collect anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion at a later time.We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected
Click Brands, Inc. may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from www.clickbrandsinc.com.
Click Brands, Inc. may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered. Click Brands, Inc. does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Click Brands, Inc. may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
Click Brands, Inc. may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
* Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Click Brands, Inc. and/or our website;
* Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Click Brands, Inc.; and
* Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of
www.clickbrandsinc.com and/or the general public.
Children Under Age of 13
Click Brands, Inc. does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to unsubscribe@clickbrandsinc.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Click Brands, Inc. does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Click Brands, Inc. shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information. Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Click Brands, Inc. reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those change to our website homepage at www.clickbrandsinc.com, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Click Brands, Inc. decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: rpj@clickbrandsinc.com
Telephone Number: 828-803-1854
Mailing Address:
Click Brands, Inc.
28 Schenck PKWY BLDG 2B Suite 200
Asheville, North Carolina 28803
12/01/2015
×
Click Brands, Inc. Terms and Conditions.
Terms of Use
Effective Date: June 1, 2015
These Terms of Use shall apply to (a) all websites owned and/or operated by Click Brands, Inc., including without limitation the website on which these Terms of Use are posted and Click Brands's subsidiary and/or affiliate entities whether or not referred to directly as Click Brands or Click Brands, Inc. (collectively, 'Click Brands'), as well as mobile versions thereof and social networking service pages and applications (collectively, the 'Site'), and (b) any and all services available on or through the Site (the 'Services'). By accessing and/or using the Site, you are expressly agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms of Use, and any other policies, rules or guidelines that may be applicable to Services on the Site ('Additional Terms'), as well as all applicable laws and regulations. Click Brands and any and all entities that control, are controlled by, or are affiliated or under common control with Click Brands, are collectively referred to herein as 'we,' 'us' or 'our.' 'You,' or 'your,' refers to you, a user of the Site or parent or legal guardian (over the age of 18) if such user is a minor in his or her state of residence.
Click Brands may revise and update these Terms of Use at any time; please periodically review them, because your continued usage of the Site indicates your agreement with any such changes. Any changes we make will be effective immediately upon notice, which we may provide by any means including, without limitation, posting a revised version of these Terms of Use on the Site. If we make any material changes to these Terms of Use, we will endeavor to notify you in advance of such change, by highlighting the change on the Sites or by sending an email to you at the email address that you have registered with us. You can determine when these Terms of Use were last revised by referring to the 'Last Updated' legend at the top of these Terms of Use. Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of these Terms of Use.
To the extent that there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the Additional Terms for an event, camp, license, class, ticket, contest, permit, facility/equipment reservation, transaction, sale, usership, reservation, donation, and/or activity for which you are using the Site to register or purchase (each, an 'Event'), the Additional Terms of use shall govern. These Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site and in the event of termination of any usership, service or feature, you will still be bound by your obligations under these Terms of Use, including any indemnification obligations, warranties, and limitations of liability.
By using or attempting to use the Site, you certify that (i) you are a resident of the United States and are at least 13 years of age or, if under the age of 13, your parent has consented to your use of the Site via our consent mechanism as provided to your parent, or (ii) you are not a resident of the United States and are at least 18 years of age or, if under the age of 18, you have the consent of your parent or guardian (over the age of 18) to use the Site. You also certify that you are not a person barred from receiving Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. If you do not meet these requirements or, if for any reason, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms of Use, you must stop using the Site immediately.
1. Registration.
You may browse the Site and view content without registering, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Site, you may be required to register with Click Brands and select a password and screen name (your 'registration'). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration. You shall not (i) select or use as your registration a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as your registration a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as your registration a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You will immediately notify Click Brands in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware. You also agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as submitted to Click Brands, and (ii) maintain and promptly update your registration information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Click Brands has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Click Brands has the right to immediately suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site or Services (or any portion thereof) in its sole discretion.
Registration data and certain other information about you are subject to the Privacy Policy. Through your use of the Site and related services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of certain information about you, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Click Brands and its affiliates.
We are not liable for any harm caused or related to the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password due to your failure to take reasonable measures, your disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password. If you have reason to believe that your account with us is no longer secure, you must promptly change your password to the Site and immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at support@registrationclick.com. In the event of any dispute between two or more parties as to account ownership, you agree that Click Brands will be the sole arbiter of such dispute in its sole discretion and that Click Brands's decision (which may include termination or suspension of any account subject to dispute) will be final and binding on all parties.
Click Brands hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access and use the Site and Services solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and to search for, view, register for, and interact with, Events that are listed on the Site, provided that you comply with these Terms of Use, and solely to the extent permitted under all applicable laws and regulations.
2. Code of Conduct.
In connection with User Content (as defined in Section 6 below) and your use of the Site, you agree that you will not, nor permit anyone else to, indirectly or directly:
•upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any User Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as proprietary or confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
•submit information that includes non-public personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent;
•upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any User Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
•restrict or inhibit any other visitor or member from using the Site, including, without limitation, by means of 'hacking' or defacing any portion of the Site;
•access or attempt to access parts of the Site for which you are not authorized by Click Brands, circumvent or attempt to circumvent any security or password protection on the Site, access the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided and authorized by Click Brands;
•modify any software for the Site in any manner or form, nor use modified versions of such software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Site;
•use the Site or Materials (as defined in Section 3 below) for any unlawful purpose;
•express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent;
•impersonate any person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including any employee or representative of Click Brands;
•forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted through the Site;
•transmit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, hateful, vulgar or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party's intellectual property or other rights; (b) any material, non-public information about companies without the authorization to do so; (c) any trade secret of any third party; or (d) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities or other unsolicited commercial communication (except as otherwise expressly permitted by us);
•use the Site to harm minors in any way;
•engage in spamming or flooding;
•transmit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs or other items of a destructive nature;
•modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Site;
•remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained on the Site;
•'frame' or 'mirror' any part of the Site;
•'stalk' or otherwise harass another;
•link to any page of or content on the Site without written authorization;
•use any robot, bot, spider, offline reader, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data mine, scrape or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its contents without our prior written consent, including with respect to any CAPTCHA displayed on the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Click Brands grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Click Brands reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases;
•harvest or collect information about Site visitors or users without their express consent;
•take any action that imposes or may impose (in Click Brands's sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load of data, information, or queries on our (or our third party providers') infrastructure;
•share use of your password or use any passcode or password, regardless of whether or not such passcode or password is unique, to participate in any offer on the Site if you are not the original recipient of such passcode or password;
•provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to Section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act; and/or
•violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law.
The foregoing actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Click Brands may access, preserve and disclose your account information and User Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with laws, rules, regulations, or legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any User Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Click Brands, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including your User Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You understand that the Site and software embodied within the Site may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Click Brands and/or content providers who provide content to the Site. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Site. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Site, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Should you choose to submit any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals ('Submissions') to Click Brands through any of its media, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your Submissions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (b) Click Brands is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Submissions; (c) Click Brands shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Submissions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) Click Brands may have something similar to the Submissions already under consideration or in development; (e) your Submissions shall automatically become the property of Click Brands without any obligation of Click Brands to you; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Click Brands under any circumstances.
3. Ownership and Restrictions on Use.
The information and materials provided on or through the Site, including any content, data, text, designs, graphics, images, photographs, illustrations, audio and video clips, logos, icons and links (collectively, the 'Materials') are owned exclusively by Click Brands or its licensors, and are intended to educate and inform you about the events and other products and services offered or described on the Site. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, you may use the Materials solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained therein. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, we grant you a limited license to use the Site and Materials for your personal use only; provided that you may not use, reproduce, modify, display, publicly perform, distribute, create derivative works of or circumvent any technological measure that effectively controls access to the Site and/or Materials in any way including, without limitation, by manual or automatic device or process, for any purpose. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all rights not specifically granted in the license set forth above shall be reserved and remain always with Click Brands. Use of the Site and Materials for any purpose other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use is a violation of our copyrights and other proprietary rights, and is strictly prohibited.
The Site, including all Site software, databases, proprietary information, documentation, software, contents, computer codes, ideas, know-how and Materials (and all modifications and derivative works thereof and any intellectual property and other rights relating thereto or contained therein) including, without limitation, the selection, compilations, sequence and 'look and feel' and arrangement of items, is owned and operated by Click Brands and will remain the exclusive property of Click Brands. You acknowledge that the Site is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws. You further acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Site or the Materials. You shall not challenge, contest or otherwise impair Click Brands's ownership of the Site and the content therein.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Site (collectively the 'Trademarks') are the registered and unregistered trademarks of Click Brands and Click Brands's advertisers, licensors, suppliers and others. The Trademarks owned by Click Brands, whether registered or unregistered, may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by Click Brands, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion with customers, or in any manner that disparages Click Brands. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark without the express written permission of Click Brands, Click Brands's licensors or suppliers, or the third party owner of any such Trademark. Misuse of any Trademarks is prohibited, and Click Brands will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights in such Trademarks, including via civil and criminal proceedings.
You may make comparative or other nominative fair use of Trademarks owned by Click Brands in advertising and promotional materials, and in referring to Click Brands's products and services (for example, in a magazine article) without Click Brands's permission, provided you follow standard trademark usage practices and provide proper attribution to Click Brands. Other uses that are not 'fair use' require written permission from Click Brands, and absent such express permission, you agree not to use or display the Trademarks owned by Click Brands in any manner. Please make such requests by email to support@Click Brands.com; we will evaluate your request as soon as possible.
Trademarks owned by Click Brands include, without limitation, those published and searchable on the United States Patent and Trademark Office located at http://www.uspto.gov at 'Trademarks Search' and the Canadian Trademark Office at: http://strategis.ic.gc.ca/sc_mrksv/cipo/welcome/welcom-e.html at 'Trade-marks Database' indicating Click Brands, Inc. as the identified owner for conducting such search.
4. Making Purchases.
If you wish to purchase products or services or register for an Event described on the Site (each, a 'Transaction'), you will be asked to supply certain information applicable to your Transaction, including, without limitation, credit card and other information. You understand that any such information will be treated by Click Brands in the manner described in our Privacy Policy. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any users of your account and credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to your Transactions. In addition to these Terms of Use, your Transaction shall be subject to any Additional Terms applicable to such services, features or purchases. Registration for Events may be regulated by certain state, county and city laws or regulations. You acknowledge that complying with laws is your responsibility, and YOU AGREE NOT TO HOLD US LIABLE FOR YOUR FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY LAW OR OUR FAILURE TO NOTIFY YOU OF, OR PROPERLY APPLY, ANY LAW. WE WILL COMPLY WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AND MAY PROVIDE THEM WITH ALL INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT TO US TO ASSIST IN ANY INVESTIGATION OR PROSECUTION THEY MAY CONDUCT. You represent and warrant that all information you provide, including but not limited to all information concerning your name, address, credit card number, and other identifying information of any nature will be true, complete and correct, and that you will update all information as it changes. You agree that you will only use credit cards belonging to you or for which you are expressly authorized to use. You further agree that you will not attempt to conceal your identity by using multiple Internet Protocol ('IP') addresses or email addresses. You grant Click Brands the right to provide any information you submit to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction.
Descriptions or images of, or references to, third party products, services, or Events on the Site do not imply Click Brands's endorsement of such products or services. We reserve the right, without prior notification, to change such descriptions or references; to honor, or impose conditions on the honoring of, any coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other similar promotions; to bar any user from making any or all Transaction(s); to limit the order quantity on any product or service; and/or to refuse to provide any user with any product or service. Verification of information applicable to a purchase may be required prior to Click Brands's acceptance of any order. Price and availability of any product or service are subject to change without notice.
If we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide during any registration, ordering, purchase, sale, authentication, delivery, payment or remittance process, or any other process, or if we are no longer able to verify or authorize your credit card or bank account information, your event registration may be cancelled, we may refuse to honor all pending and future purchases made on such credit card accounts and/or on any online accounts associated with such credit card accounts, and you may be prohibited from using the Site.
Charges and Billing. The Site may require payment of access fees. By registering for the Site, you hereby authorize Click Brands to charge your credit card in advance for all applicable fees incurred by you in connection with your chosen service, purchase or registration for your account. You hereby understand and agree that in most cases, Click Brands will be charging your designated credit card in accordance with the payment schedule of the Transaction, Service or Event for which you have registered, but some service fees may accumulate on your credit card account before they are actually charged to your credit card. You further understand and agree that it is your responsibility to notify Click Brands of any changes to your credit card or if your credit card has expired, otherwise your access to the Service may be disconnected or interrupted. You shall additionally be responsible for and shall immediately pay Click Brands, on demand, any payments that are made to us that are subject to an unjustified, subsequent reversal. All fees shall be paid in U.S. dollars.
Click Brands reserves the right to change any fees (which includes but is not limited to, charging a fee for packages, options, upgrades and/or a Service for which Click Brands does not currently charge a fee) or billing methods at any time, provided, however, that such modifications shall not take effect earlier than thirty (30) days after Click Brands posts such modification on the Site. Click Brands also has the right to collect applicable taxes and impose premium surcharges for some areas of the Service and these surcharges may apply immediately after you register for the associated service. You may cancel your account or any associated optional or upgraded services therefore at any time, but Click Brands will not refund any remaining portion of your pre-paid fees and you may be charged an additional cancellation fee.
You agree to pay your account balance on time. You also agree to pay any taxes, including sales or use taxes, resulting from your Transaction or use of the Service. Amounts not paid by you to Click Brands when due will be assessed an additional 1.5% (or the highest amount allowed by law, whichever is lower) per month if your payment is more than thirty (30) days past due. That amount is also due immediately. You are responsible and liable for any fees, including attorneys' and collection fees, that Click Brands may incur in its efforts to collect any remaining balances due from you. These Terms of Use shall in no way limit any other remedies available to Click Brands. You also understand and agree that you will be billed for and will pay any outstanding balances if you cancel your account or your account is terminated. You must notify Click Brands of any billing problems or discrepancies within sixty (60) days after they first appear on your credit card account statement. If you do not notify Click Brands within sixty (60) days, you waive any right to dispute such problems or discrepancies.
Parties other than Click Brands provide services, or sell products or access to their Events on the Site. You may order services or merchandise through the Site from other persons not affiliated with Click Brands ('Seller'). All matters concerning the merchandise and services desired from a Seller, including but not limited to purchase terms, payment terms, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery, are solely between you and Seller. Click Brands makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any goods or services provided by Sellers. You will not consider Click Brands, nor will Click Brands be construed as, a party to such transactions, whether or not Click Brands may have received some form of revenue or other remuneration in connection with the transaction. You agree that Click Brands will not be liable for any costs or damages arising out of such transactions, either directly or indirectly. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals. Click Brands does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product or content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. It is the responsibility of the Event organizer to communicate its refund policy to you and to issue refunds to you via the Site or otherwise. You understand and agree that Event organizers reserve the right to cancel Events for various reasons, including, without limitation, in the event of weather events (including, but not limited to, heat, tornadoes, earthquakes, fires, storms, lightning and floods), accidents, acts of war or terrorism, military conflicts or riots or for any reason that would affect the safety and security of Event participants and spectators. In the event of such cancellation, there will be no refund of your payment unless authorized by the Event organizer. If you want to request a refund, you must request the refund directly from the Event organizer. To the extent that an Event is cancelled or does not meet your expectations for any reason, you must contact the Event organizer and your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to the Event is with the Event organizer and not with Click Brands. All communications or disputes regarding refunds are between the Event organizer and you. Click Brands will not be responsible or liable in any way for refunds, errors in issuing refunds or lack of refunds in connection with an Event. In addition, Click Brands is not responsible for the truth or accuracy of any listings by Event organizers or the ability of any Event organizer to perform, hold an Event, or complete a transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may report the misconduct of Event organizers and/or third parties in connection with the Site or any Services to us, and we, in our sole discretion, may investigate the claim and take action.
Donations. When you make a donation, Click Brands receives a fee for the use of our technology without any additional charge to you. Donations collected by Click Brands will be sent in regular intervals to the designated charitable organization in accordance with contract and applicable law, less Click Brands's fee. Any refunds shall be exclusively and directly handled by the designated charitable organization. Click Brands shall not be responsible for processing or making any refunds.
5. Information Provided by Click Brands.
Although Click Brands strives to provide Materials that are both useful and accurate, the nature of the data and other information contained on the Site are subject to frequent change. In addition, the facts and circumstances of every situation differ. Accordingly, although Click Brands endeavors to use reasonable care in assembling the Materials, the Materials may not be up-to-date, accurate or complete.
In addition, portions of the Materials have been contributed to the Site by various artists, sports teams and other persons. The inclusion of such information does not indicate any approval or endorsement thereof, and Click Brands expressly disclaims any liability with respect to the foregoing.
6. Forums and User Content.
Click Brands and its designees may host message boards, blog feeds and other forums found on the Site (collectively, the 'Forums'), and you may have the ability to provide or upload to the Site creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, content, audio recordings, videos, photographs, graphics, artwork or other copyrighted works and materials (collectively, 'User Content').
By sending or transmitting User Content to Click Brands, or by posting such User Content to any area of the Site, YOU GRANT US AND OUR DESIGNEES A PERPETUAL, WORLDWIDE, NON-EXCLUSIVE, UNLIMITED, TRANSFERABLE, FULLY SUBLICENSEABLE (THROUGH MULTIPLE TIERS), ASSIGNABLE, ROYALTY-FREE, FULLY PAID UP, IRREVOCABLE RIGHT AND LICENSE TO USE, REPRODUCE, DISTRIBUTE (THROUGH MULTIPLE TIERS), MODIFY, ADAPT, COMBINE WITH OTHER WORKS, CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF, PUBLICLY PERFORM, DISPLAY, STORE, DIGITALLY PERFORM, PUBLISH (ON THE SITE, ON ANY OTHER WEBSITE(S), IN PRINT, RADIO, TELEVISION OR ELSEWHERE), MAKE, HAVE MADE, SELL, OFFER FOR SALE, IMPORT AND COMMERCIALIZE USER CONTENT, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, IN ANY MANNER AND CONTEXT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO USAGE IN COMMERCIAL, ADVERTISING OR PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS), NOW KNOWN OR IN THE FUTURE DISCOVERED, IN CLICK BRANDS'S SOLE DISCRETION, IN ANY WAY, IN ANY AND ALL MEDIA NOW KNOWN OR HEREINAFTER DISCOVERED, WITHOUT LIMITATION AND WITHOUT ANY COMPENSATION OR ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY. To the extent permitted by law, you specifically waive any 'moral rights' in and to the User Content. The foregoing grant includes without limitation, any copyrights and other intellectual property in and to your User Content. None of the User Content will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise, on our part and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any User Content. If you have any User Content that you would like to keep confidential and/or do not want others to use, do not post it to the Site. CLICK BRANDS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR A USER'S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY USER CONTENT YOU POST TO THE SITE.
If Click Brands does decide, in its sole discretion, to attribute User Content to you, you hereby grant Click Brands the right to use your member name with respect to such attribution, and hereby completely and irrevocably release and forever discharge us from and waive any claims (including, without limitation, any privacy or publicity rights claims) with respect to such use of your member name. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Click Brands does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
You further acknowledge that Click Brands (a) is under no obligation to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, and (b) has no obligation whatsoever to pay you any royalty or other amounts on any revenues or other consideration that Click Brands receives directly or indirectly from the use or display of your User Content or otherwise from the exercise of Click Brands's rights granted under these Terms of Use. You hereby agree not to instigate, support, maintain, or authorize any action, claim, or lawsuit against Click Brands or its owners/operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, or any other person, on the grounds that any use of User Content, or any derivative works thereof, infringe any of your rights as creator of the User Content, including, without limitation, trademark rights, copyrights, publicity rights, privacy rights and moral rights.
Information on our Forums may be provided by our staff and other contributors, some of whom use anonymous screen names and are people not otherwise connected with Click Brands. You acknowledge that a large volume of information is available in our Forums and that people participating in such Forums occasionally post messages or make statements, whether intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, objectionable, obscene, threatening, harassing or encourages any such conduct, or that otherwise violate any of the Codes of Conduct, and you hereby completely and irrevocably release and forever discharge us from and waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Click Brands with respect thereto. We neither endorse nor are responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion, advice, information or other utterance made or displayed on the Site or Forums by third parties, whether such third parties are visitors to the Site, users of the Click Brands community or others. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect solely the opinion(s) of the participants and may not reflect the opinion(s) of Click Brands. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions in articles or postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or for any results obtained from the use of such information. Under no circumstances will we or our affiliates, suppliers or agents be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such information obtained through the Site. If notified by a user of User Content that allegedly does not conform to these Terms of Use, Click Brands may in its sole discretion investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and in its sole discretion whether to remove the User Content.
You shall be solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Content, you affirm, represent and/or warrant that: (i) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to the User Content and to grant the rights and licenses to Click Brands under all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary or intellectual property rights in and to any and all User Content in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use; and (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Content to use the name or likeness of such person in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use or, if such persons are minors, the written consent, release, and/or permission of such minor's parent or legal guardian. You further understand that the internet has no geographical boundaries, and you therefore agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable User Content. You also agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
You acknowledge and agree that we have the right to disclose such User Content and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third party in order to operate the Site properly; to protect ourselves, our sponsors and our users and visitors; and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.
Click Brands reserves the right to delete from the Site any User Content, postings or member names and will cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials and/or agencies in any investigation, up to and including complete and immediate termination of your registration and/or accounts with Click Brands. You acknowledge that Click Brands may or may not pre-screen User Content, but that Click Brands and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any User Content that is available via the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, Click Brands and its designees shall have the right to remove any User Content that violates these Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable, as determined in their sole discretion. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any User Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such User Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any User Content created by Click Brands or submitted to Click Brands, including without limitation information in Click Brands's message boards and in all other parts of the Site.
7. Links.
As a convenience to our users, we may provide links to third-party web sites. If you use these links, you will leave the Site. Your dealings with third parties through links to such third party websites or applications are solely between you and such third party. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, Click Brands is not responsible for the content, goods or services provided on or through such websites, any updates or changes to such sites, for your use or inability to use such sites, or the privacy or other practices of such sites, and the fact that Click Brands offers such links does not indicate any approval or endorsement of any material contained on any linked site. The linked sites are not under our control, and we make no representations as to the quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any sites to which we may provide links. Click Brands expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, legality, decency or accuracy of any information, and for any products and services, that appear on any third party website or application. You hereby completely and irrevocably release and forever discharge us from and waive any claim you might have against Click Brands with respect to such sites.
Click Brands and/or third parties may, from time to time, send email messages to you containing advertisements, promotions, etc. pursuant to our Privacy Policy. Click Brands makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any such email messages or any goods or services which may be obtained from such third parties, and you agree that neither Click Brands nor such third party shall have any liability with respect thereto.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF INTERNET WEBSITES AND RESOURCES NOT CONTROLLED BY CLICK BRANDS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, DATA, ADVERTISING, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER MATERIALS ON OR AVAILABLE THROUGH SUCH WEBSITES AND RESOURCES, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE APPLICABLE TO SUCH SITES AND RESOURCES.
8. Access By Minors.
Click Brands encourages parents to use appropriate parental discretion in determining whether to grant authorization to minor children to access the Site. Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230 (d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available on external websites, two of which include GetNetWise (http://kids.getnetwise.org/) and OnGuard Online (http://onguardonline.gov/). Please note that Click Brands does not endorse any of the products or services listed at such websites.
9. Termination.
These Terms of Use shall remain effective until terminated in accordance with its terms. We reserve the right to immediately terminate these Terms of Use, and/or your access to and use of the Site or any portion thereof, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, including but not limited to repeated unauthorized postings of copyrighted works. Upon termination of these Terms of Use, your right to use the Site shall immediately cease, and you shall destroy all Materials obtained from the Site and all copies thereof. You agree that any termination of your access to or use of the Site may be effected without prior notice, and that Click Brands may immediately deactivate or delete your password and user name, and all related information and files associated with them, and/or bar any further access to such information or files. You agree that Click Brands shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Site or to any such information or files, and shall not be required to make such information or files available to you after any such termination.
10. Suspected Violation of these Terms or Law; Injunctive, Equitable Relief, and Liquidated Damages.
Violations of these Terms of Use, including unauthorized use of the Site, may be investigated and appropriate legal action may be taken, including without limitation civil, criminal and injunctive redress. You understand and agree that in Click Brands's sole discretion, and without prior notice, Click Brands may terminate and block your access to the Site or to Click Brands's other services, cancel your event registration, refuse to honor pending and future purchases made from all credit card accounts or online accounts Click Brands believes may be associated with you, cancel an event registration associated with any person acting or believed to be acting in concert with you, remove any unauthorized User Content or exercise any other remedy available, if Click Brands believes that your conduct or the conduct of any person with whom Click Brands believes you act in concert, or the User Content you provide, or any resale of such event registrations purchased through Click Brands, violates or is inconsistent with these Terms of Use or the law, or violates the rights of Click Brands, a customer of Click Brands or another user of the Site. Violating any limitations or terms on the Site, including but not limited to utilizing automated means to process or place event registrations that exceed the stated limit will be deemed to be a material violation of these Terms of Use.
You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to Click Brands for violations of these Terms of Use and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations.
You agree that abusive use of the Site, as defined above, causes damage and harm to Click Brands in the form of, among other things, impaired goodwill, lost sales, and increased expenses associated with responding to abusive use of the Site. You further agree that monetary damages for abusive use of the Site are difficult to ascertain and that proof of monetary damages for abusive use would be costly and difficult to calculate. Accordingly, you agree that liquidated damages are warranted for abusive use. Therefore, you agree that if you, or others acting in concert with you, alone or collectively request more than 1,000 pages of the Site in any twenty-four hour period, you, and those acting in concert with you, will be jointly and severally liable for liquidated damages in the amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) per page request each time that a page request is made after that first 1,000 during that twenty-four hour period. You acknowledge that: (a) Click Brands has a valid interest in ensuring proper use of the Site; (b) this provision is reasonably tailored to that purpose; and (c) that the liquidated damages amount is a reasonable approximation of the costs and damages that Click Brands would incur as a result of such action by you or others acting in concert with you.
Click Brands is not required to provide any refund to you if it exercises any of its rights or remedies because you have violated these Terms of Use or any of Click Brands's rights. Additionally, Click Brands reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, suspend or discontinue any part of this Site at any time, with or without notice to you. Click Brands also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to impose limits on certain features and services and to restrict access to the Site without notice to you. Click Brands shall not be liable to you or any third party for any claim or cause of action arising out of its exercise of the foregoing rights.
11. Disclaimers.
THE SITE, THE MATERIALS ON THE SITE, AND ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND 'AS AVAILABLE' WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CLICK BRANDS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, THE MATERIALS, AND ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.
THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE OR OTHERWISE IS PROVIDED WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT NEITHER CLICK BRANDS NOR USERS OF THE SITE, WHILE SUCH USERS ARE PARTICIPATING IN ACTIVITIES ON THE SITE, ARE ENGAGED IN RENDERING LEGAL, MEDICAL, COUNSELING OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OR ADVICE. CLICK BRANDS ENCOURAGES YOU TO SEEK APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OR CARE FOR ANY SITUATION OR PROBLEM WHICH YOU MAY HAVE. IN PARTICULAR, THE ACTIVITIES AND EXERCISES DESCRIBED IN TRAINING PROGRAMS AND ARTICLES ON THE SITE CAN BE DANGEROUS AND MAY RESULT IN INJURY OR DEATH. YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH A LICENSED PHYSICIAN BEFORE PARTICIPATING IN ANY OF THE ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED ON THE SITE.
IN MOST INSTANCES, THE ABILITY OF CLICK BRANDS TO PROVIDE SERVICES IS DEPENDENT UPON A TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORK OR THE INTERNET, WHICH MAY NOT BE FULLY SECURED, AS WELL AS GOODS AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY VARIOUS OTHER VENDORS AND THIRD PARTIES. CLICK BRANDS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE SITE IS HOSTED IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR THE QUALITY OF ANY SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING AND MAINTAINING ALL TELEPHONE, COMPUTER HARDWARE AND OTHER EQUIPMENT NEEDED TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITE, AND ALL CHARGES RELATED THERETO. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND YOUR RELIANCE THEREON. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT OF CLICK BRANDS, WHETHER MADE ON THE SITE OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. CLICK BRANDS DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED SITE, OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND CLICK BRANDS WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CLICK BRANDS AND/OR ITS AFFILIATED PARTIES OR ON OR THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE.
The Site, Materials or Forums may include inaccuracies or errors, or information or materials that violate these Terms of Use. Additionally, unauthorized alterations may be made by third parties to the Site, Materials or Forums. Although we attempt to ensure the integrity of the Site, we make no guarantees as to the Site's completeness or correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which the Site's completeness or correctness is in question, please contact us at support@Click Brands.com with, if possible, a description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such material can be found on the Site, as well as information sufficient to enable us to contact you. We will try to address your concerns as soon as reasonably practicable. For copyright infringement claims, see the Section on 'Claims of Copyright Infringement,' above.
12. Limitation of Liability.
TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NEITHER CLICK BRANDS NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS OR SPONSORS, NOR ITS OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES, ARE OR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS), UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED ON THE SITE, ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CLICK BRANDS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR ANY LINKED SITE; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE; (III) USE BY YOU OF ANY TRAINING PROGRAM OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT PURCHASED THROUGH CLICK BRANDS; (IV) YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ANY PROMOTION OR PROGRAM COORDINATED BY CLICK BRANDS; (V) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF CLICK BRANDS; (VI) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (VII) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE; (VIII) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER TO THE SITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODE OF CONDUCT; (IX) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SITE; (X) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (XI) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN ANY MATERIALS, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY MATERIALS POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE; (XII) ANY FAILURE OF AN EVENT ORGANIZER TO HONOR A REGISTRATION; (XIII) THE QUALITY, SAFETY OR LEGALITY OF EVENTS ADVERTISED ON THE SITE; (XIV) THE TRUTH OR ACCURACY OF ANY CONTENT OR EVENT LISTINGS ON THE SITE; AND/OR (XV) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITE, OR CLICK BRANDS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. THE MAXIMUM TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF CLICK BRANDS, ITS AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS AND SPONSORS, AND ITS OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS AND OTHER REPRESENTATIVES, AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES SUFFERED BY YOU AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE THE GREATER OF THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF MONIES RECEIVED BY CLICK BRANDS FROM YOU OR $100 USD.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
13. Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Click Brands and its affiliates, licensors, suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents and other representatives, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) and other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (a) your breach of these Terms of Use, including any violation of the Code of Conduct, above; (b) any allegation that any User Content or other materials you submit to us or transmit to the Site infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party; (c) your activities in connection with the Site; and/or (d) termination of your access to the Site.
14. Connectivity; Mobile.
Normal carrier charges and taxes may apply to any Materials you access from the Site. Click Brands is not responsible for any surcharges you incur from your cell phone or internet service provider as a result of the use of the Site. With respect to mobile versions or applications, your carriers' normal rates and fees, including text messaging and data fees may apply to your use of the Site or Services. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you will endeavor to update your account information within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number.
15. Applicable Law.
You and Click Brands agree that the statutes and laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof, will apply to all matters relating to use of the Site.
16. U.S. Export Controls.
This Site and software derived from this Site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this Site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the Site or any software derived therefrom, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
17. Privacy.
We believe that your privacy and the privacy of all our users are important. These Terms of Use are subject to the Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference. Please carefully review our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, and you agree to be bound by the terms of our Privacy Policy. You further acknowledge and agree that any disputes related to our Privacy Policy, including any breaches in security or privacy, will be subject to the limitations on liability contained in these Terms of Use. By registering for and participating in a sports Event, you understand and agree that your activity or event, or other results may be posted by the Event organizer. If you would prefer that your results not be posted or be taken down, you must contact the organizer of the Event directly, and Click Brands is not responsible for the posting or removal of such information. Click Brands will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your contact information, or financial information, by a third party to whom Click Brands is allowed to disclose your contact information under the Privacy Policy. If you post any User Content to the Site, by email or otherwise, we will treat it as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. When we say in these Terms of Use 'post' we mean the provision of information to the Site through features of the Site that are used to make information available to other users of the public (e.g., user reviews, bulletin/message boards, chat rooms, etc.). User Content shall not be subject to the Privacy Policy and may be publicly displayed and disclosed and otherwise used by Click Brands or any third party in any way. By posting User Content to the Site, you authorize us to use or allow others to distribute, reproduce or otherwise use such User Content. You should not post information about yourself on the Site that can be used to identify or contact you, including, but not limited to, your name, home or work address, phone numbers, email address or other such information. If you post such information, Click Brands cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates these Terms of Use, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. By posting such information on the Site, you violate these Terms of Use, and you assume the risks and sole liability for the results of such posting.
18. Questions.
If you have any questions, comments or complaints regarding these Terms of Use or the Site, feel free to contact us at: support@Click Brands.com
19. Notice Regarding Electronic Commercial Services for California Users.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Site users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
20. Notice.
Click Brands may provide you with notices, including those regarding breaches of security, by email, regular mail or postings on the Site. All notices from you to Click Brands must be sent to Click Brands, Inc., 717 North Harwood Street, Suite 2500, Dallas, TX 75201 or support@Click Brands.com and such notices will be deemed received the next day if sent via email, overnight mail or courier or three (3) days after deposited in the mail sent certified or registered.
21. Miscellaneous.
Click Brands may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms of Use and upon such assignment, Click Brands may be relieved of any further obligation hereunder. You may not assign any of your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use. Any assignment in violation of these terms is void.
Rights and obligations under these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive will remain in full effect after termination or expiration of the Terms of Use.
You represent to Click Brands that you have the authority to register with Click Brands according to these Terms of Use. The failure of Click Brands to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Click Brands may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to these Terms of Use and notices regarding breaches of security, by email, regular mail or postings on the Site. Except for certain Click Brands licensors, or as may be otherwise expressly provided herein, there are no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms of Use. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction for any reason whatsoever, (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use (including without limitation, all portions of any provisions containing any such unenforceable provision that are not themselves unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed modified and replaced by a provision that approximates the intent and economic effect of the unenforceable provision and these Terms of Use shall be deemed amended accordingly. We may translate these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy or any other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site into other languages for your convenience. The English language version of each of these documents is the version that governs your use of the Site and in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a translated version, the English language version will control. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notices given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
×