https://www.cashforchunkers.com
CASH FOR CHUNKERS: Fat Girls Fucked For Cash, Exclusive Videos
Drop the forks, grab your rolls, and cum satisfy your craving for sexy chunky girls! Our sleazy trainers have come up with a special workout plan that focuses on high intensity fuck sessions with a post-workout "protein shake!" Watch these fat babes feel the burn when they get drilled into submission by our perverted staff. These scale-shattering hotties aren't on Atkins, but their ravenous appetite for man-meat goes balls deep! At Cash for Chunkers, these cum-hungry porkers always get second helpings at our all-you-can-fuck buffet! Join Now!
Check out our FREE sample video trailer then
JOIN US INSIDE!
Star Staxx
Rating:
Goth fatty, Star Staxx enters the Cash for Chunkers program - a social service barely disguised as a place for horny trainers to pound out their BBW fetishes. Star looks pretty damn hot for a BBW, sporting all sorts of dark magic sexy tats. Christian's eyes are fixated on Star's chest tattoo and her huge titties! It's not long before she starts snacking on his penis as she fingers her chubby muff. All that fat must've pushed her insides tight because when Christian finally parts the seas of celluluite and fucks that twat, he finds its tight as FUCK and after some deep strokes, he lasers his jizz ropes straight down Star's hungry throat!
Get FULL ACCESS to our all HD CHUNKER VIDEOS!
Welcome to the Hottest X-rated Fat Burning Camp Ever!
Join now for the biggest collection of amateur plumpers in history!
Sapphire
Rating:
BBW lover, Christian XXX lands himself a fucking whale of a woman! Sapphire weighs in at a scale-shattering 250 pounds! Christian sniffs her lovely feet as he feels his dick getting firmer. He loves these easy fat bitches because he knows they'll do anything for a little cock meat. After taking her fat measurements, Sapphire lifts off her top and her giant floppy tits almost stretch to the fucking floor. Christian XXX oils up those saggy boobs in lube and slides his dick up in between them giant valley of tits. You won't believe your eyes when he finally gets his cock inside Sapphire's fat pussy. After pushing away layers of fat, he's good!
Get FULL ACCESS to our all HD CHUNKER VIDEOS!
Click Here to Watch Thick Bitches Get Full on Dicks!
Pound for pound, these blubbernaut bitches can't wait to get pumped!
Sashaa Juggs
Rating:
Super chunky bitch, Sashaa Juggs is borderline morbidly obese. I mean, there's just no way around that. This chubscout is more interested in her trainer's hard cock than she is about working out. But her eyes and appetite light up when they get back to his place and she easily seduces him with her GIGANTIC TITTIES. Sonny sucks on one fat giant tit as Sashaa, now salivating, digs his cock out of his pants and stuffs it in her mouth like a king-sized eggroll. Then, she spreads her mounds of cellulite apart so Sonny can find her fuckhole and with a powerful thrust, he pounds his cock in the fatty cunt nest that is Sashaa's aching twat!
Get FULL ACCESS to our all HD CHUNKER VIDEOS!
See These Lard-Ass Girls Jiggle Like a Jello Mold!
These fat bitches are loving their new low-carb, high-cock diet!
Marie Leone
Rating:
Marie Leone is a juicy bootie ebony chubster who is trying to burn some fat with her trainer, Scott. After acing all his physical performance tests, Scott decides to really test her stamina with the best kind of cardio there is! Hardcore fucking! After lubing Marie's double F titties, Scott tit-fucks this big titty black babe and then leans back as she sucks him off. Then, he slowly spreads her chubby thighs apart and gingerly inserts his fat cock into Marie's puffy little fuckhole and pounds that fat pussy! She even jumps on Scott's lap and pumps herself like an oil derrick on and off his cock and gets all his dick yogurt on her huge breasts
Get FULL ACCESS to our all HD CHUNKER VIDEOS!
Pound has more than one meaning at Cash for Chunkers. See how many pounds these chunkers are worth by weight and then watch thick cocks go to pound town on them. These girls are worth fat stacks of cash and they'll fuck you with every bit of them they have. Golden dicks going in the money slot until the pussy juice flies. Watch these wet and wild wenches burn calories on their dick stick while you grab yours and have a sit.
Members
Login | Instant
Access
Warning: This Site
contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for adults only!
If you are easily offended by and or if you cannot legally view this type of material
where you reside, PLEASE EXIT NOW!
Customer Support |
Contact Us |
Porn Movies |
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy
All models were over the age of 18 at time of photography.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright 2016 Cash For Chunkers - All Rights Reserved