https://www.casinoclub2000.com
Fitness Black Book — Fitness Tips To Get Lean and Toned, Not Bulky!
Fitness Black Book
Home
About
Best of Fitness Black Book
My FREE Course
My Premium Courses
Finally! How to Tell if a Supplement is Worth Taking.
October 10, 2013
For the past six months I’ve been researching supplements extensively. You see, I am in the process of starting a supplement company. My goal is to only offer supplements that are proven, beyond a shadow of a doubt, to provide immense benefits for the customers who purchase them. During my research, I stumbled across a guy named Sol Orwell. He has created the first non-biased guide on the subject of supplements. I’m actually using all of the findings in his guide to decide what supplements I want to offer through my company.
Sol took the time to do an interview where I picked his brain about supplements and the supplement industry.
Preview: He isn’t a fan of multi-vitamins, fat burning supplements, glutamine, and many other high-selling popular products. At the end, he even reveals what he takes and has his parents take as part of their supplement program.
[click to continue…]
{ 22 comments }
Dramatically Increase Flexibility and Mobility With This 6 Minute Warmup
May 26, 2013
My biggest weakness is lack of flexibility. I just can’t get myself to take the time to stretch. In fact, I hate stretching. About 3 months ago, Dan Go contacted me about a way to increase flexibility, improve posture, and increase exercise performance…by doing a simple 6 minute warm-up. He saw a HUGE gap in the fitness industry and has come up with a methodology that gets results fast, even for stubborn non-stretchers like myself.
[Dan runs a gym in Toronto, Canada and has perfected a way for all of his gym members to increase flexibility each and every workout…while prepping their muscles to lift heavier weights…all while reducing the chance of injury.]
Dan Sent Me a Blue Lacrosse Ball in the Mail
[click to continue…]
{ 49 comments }
How Many Carbs Per Day to Lose Body Fat? It Depends…
February 12, 2013
If I was to hire someone to create a diet plan customized for my goals and activity levels, Nate Miyaki would be that person. Nate spends his days teaching advanced nutrition mastery workshops in the Silicone Valley area. He has recently decided to branch out to the Internet to teach people all over the globe. Bottom line…he is a full-fledged expert when it comes to diet and body composition. He just created a video and guest post for Fitness Black Book. My guess is that you will learn more in this 10 minute video about carbs and fat loss, than scouring the internet for 3+ hours.
[He’s a laid back surfer type, but get him in front of a white board and prepare for a serious knowledge drop.]
CLEARING UP CARB CONFUSION…FOREVER
-by Nate Miyaki
[click to continue…]
{ 108 comments }
Eating to Increase Your Metabolism [Pt 3]
January 7, 2013
If you read Part 2 of this series you will have a solid action plan to get your metabolism back to normal levels. In the process, you may add a touch of body fat, but will be in a much stronger position to get lean for summer. This post will outline how to keep your metabolism healthy while systematically getting in shape for summer.
[By the time summer hits, the ideal situation is to be lean without destroying your body’s ability to burn calories. In other words, lean with a high metabolism.]
Long-Term Low Calorie Diets Suck the Life Out of You
[click to continue…]
{ 27 comments }
Eating to Increase Your Metabolism [Pt 2]
January 3, 2013
In part 1 I introduced the idea that leptin resistance is a key reason why people seem to have a problem with their metabolism. Increasing leptin is easy and can be accomplished in the short term with things like cheat days. Unfortunately it takes quite a bit longer to fix the problem of leptin resistance.
[I’m convinced that most overweight people are just a few consistent habits away from being slim.]
Stuck at Current Weight On a Low Calorie Diet?
[click to continue…]
{ 25 comments }
Eating to Increase Your Metabolism [Pt 1]
January 2, 2013
We have all known someone with the ability to eat large amounts of calories, not even workout, and still look lean and defined year round. By chance, these people have a revved up metabolism. What often happens to these people is they are lean when they are young, then at some point their metabolism slows down and they put on weight. In fact, this was more often than not the case a couple generations ago.
[This picture was taken in the late 1940’s at Playland in Rye Beach, New York. Up until the late 1980’s, the majority of teens were lean without even trying.]
All Young Adults Were Lean in My Dad’s Generation
[click to continue…]
{ 21 comments }
Specialization Training – Making Those Stubborn Body Parts Grow
November 20, 2012
I don’t put up too many guest posts on my site, but JC wrote one exclusively for my blog that I couldn’t pass on. I was chatting with him about getting stubborn body parts to grow…and that I haven’t discussed this much on my blog. I know this is one of his specialties, so asked him if he would be up for a guest post.
He came up with a much more comprehensive post than I was expecting. Not only does he give out a great strategy, he outlines 2 different detailed workouts to use to get a stubborn body part to grow.
Specialization Training
Making Those Stubborn Body Parts Grow
[click to continue…]
{ 27 comments }
“Hybrid Dieting” – Cherry Picking the Best Diet Strategies
June 26, 2012
I don’t have a label for the type of diet I like to follow. I eat Paleo meals occasionally, use Intermittent Fasting about once per week, eat Gluten Free at times, etc. If I had to come up for a term for it, I’d call it “Hybrid Dieting”. It is a loose way of eating, where I take principles from several solid diets…when it makes sense. I’ll outline some solid principles in this post for those who want to lose weight without necessarily following a rigid diet year-round.
The” Calories In/Calories Out” Strategy
[click to continue…]
{ 100 comments }
Squats and Deadlifts are Not the “King of Exercise” for a Lot of People.
May 9, 2012
I want to explain my stance on limiting the use of squats and deadlifts. I don’t believe they are terrible exercises. I think they have a place in the routines for some people, depending upon their goals. Do I believe that either of these should be labeled the “king of exercise” that so many people claim them to be? Not by a mile.
[Here’s a fit couple walking down the beach. Both of them could probably add quite a bit of mass to their legs with a routine based around squats…but should they?]
Squats: The Best Exercise to Add Mass to Your Lower Body
[click to continue…]
{ 181 comments }
Fasting vs Dieting: Lose Fat Without Lowering Testosterone Levels
April 10, 2012
This is a guest post from Brad Pilon about a topic that I think doesn’t get addressed enough: getting lean without destroying your testosterone levels. Testosterone is important for women as well (so don’t skip this article if you are a woman). I’ve messed up in the past by dieting in a way that killed my testosterone levels. “Low T” is a bad deal…so Brad is going to show you how to get lean, while easily avoiding this common problem.
Fasting, Dieting, and Testosterone
by Brad Pilon
Juice. Sauce. Crank.
When most people think testosterone, they think about the stuff that athletes inject. The truth is testosterone is an anabolic steroid, but it’s one that your body produces entirely on it’s own – no needles required.
[click to continue…]
{ 9 comments }
← Previous Entries
R.I.P. Fitness Black Book2007-2015
After 8 years and 25+ million visitors, I've decided to start from scratch and shut down this site.
Click Here to Find Out Why (New Site)
Thanks for reading all these years!
Visual Impact for Women
My comprehensive Women's course for getting the "slim, fit and feminine physique".
Visual Impact Muscle Building
My Men's muscle building course for getting the lean "Hollywood Look".
(NEW)
Visual Impact Cardio
My "Progressive" Cardio Course...for eliminating fat loss sticking points.
Recent PostsFinally! How to Tell if a Supplement is Worth Taking.Dramatically Increase Flexibility and Mobility With This 6 Minute WarmupHow Many Carbs Per Day to Lose Body Fat? It Depends...Eating to Increase Your Metabolism [Pt 3]Eating to Increase Your Metabolism [Pt 2]Eating to Increase Your Metabolism [Pt 1]Specialization Training – Making Those Stubborn Body Parts Grow"Hybrid Dieting" - Cherry Picking the Best Diet StrategiesSquats and Deadlifts are Not the "King of Exercise" for a Lot of People.Fasting vs Dieting: Lose Fat Without Lowering Testosterone Levels All of My Articles...
R.I.P. Fitness Black Book2007-2015
After 8 years and 25+ million visitors, I've decided to start from scratch and shut down this site.
Click Here to Find Out Why (New Site)
Thanks for reading all these years!
Contact
|
Disclaimer
|
DMCA Notice
|
Privacy Policy
|
Anti-Spam Policy
|
Google+ |    Rusty Moore
Optin Architect