https://www.casino-internationaal.com
Online Casino Games, Online Poker Games, Internet Gambling at Casino Internationaal
Home
Languages
Norsk
Suomen
Turkce
Guide
best online gambling sites
Best online casino’s
online poker game
online poker rooms
Online Slots
Poker rooms
Play Casino games
internet casino gambling
Online gambling guide
Online Casino Gambling Guide
Casinolist
Nederlands
Polder Casino
Poker
Neteller informatie
Caribbean Poker
Webmasters
About us
International casino guide
Allirishcasino
by admin on April 19, 2013
We just discovered Allirishcasino, an excellent casino in the English language, with a nice €50 bonus for new players.
The wagering requirement of the welcome bonus is 20 times the bonus amount.
Check their bonus page here
This casino is operated by experienced people in this industry, who we know for several years in real live and that is why we can recommend it to you as honest and trustworthy.
As they say: “All Irish Casino Inform yourself about the only online casino thats dedicated to the Irish Republic gambling market”
You can also practice free with “play money” if you want.
They also have a so-called “live casino” where the game streamed directly to your computer from the get Portomassocasino in Malta.
Live support is often online and you can also call:
Tel. +353 (0) 1 443 3870
Monday – Sunday 1PM-10PM
AllIrishcasino is licensed in Malta.
Another quote:
“The payout percentage offered at the All Irish Casino is much higher than the standard payout percentage offered by land based casinos. The reason for this is the much lower operating costs Incurred from being an online operator. The live casino games, Which are broadcast from . the Portomaso Casino in Malta, have the standard payout percentage or any other game of chance in any casino Respectively; Roulette: about 97%, Online Blackjack: about 99.3% (perfect strategy) and Punto Banco: about 98%. “
{ Comments on this entry are closed }
Nieuwsflash voor nederlandse spelers
by admin on May 24, 2012
Het kansspelbeleid in Nederland wordt vernieuwd.
De nederlandse staat heeft geld nodig en de monopoliepositie van de staat en Hollandcasino is niet langer eenvoudig stand te houden, omdat deze indruist Read more [...]{ Comments on this entry are closed }
Online Blackjack
February 12, 2012
Casino Internationaal is one of the most reputable and well-known sites for online blackjack players as our main goal is to provide you with the reliable and unbiased information about fabulous blackjack Read more […]
Read the full article →
Instant casino games – slots, online blackjack & roulette.
May 12, 2009
Find the list with all languages here! To play online roulette we recommend to visit this site about online Roulette first, although it’s in Dutch you will find the best recommendations about online Read more […]
Read the full article →
Roulette
January 24, 2009
Roulette is probably the best known and most played casino game, wich doesn’t need much introduction. We selected a few honoust casino’s for you that offer online roulette: Oranje Casino Casinoeuro Read more […]
Read the full article →
Casino’s in Deutsch, Francais, Nederlands, Norsk, Svenska, Dansk etc.
November 19, 2008
NEW: RoxyPalace Online Casino Seen on the Casino Affiliate Convention in Amsterdam: Internet Gambling in 28 languages As seen on TV: We found some trusted casino and poker sites for you!
We Read more […]
Read the full article →
5 pounds Free!!
Certified Portal We are proud we do comply to the highest standarts set by the online gaming industry
Copyright casino-internationaal.com © 2001–2016 WordPress Admin