https://www.castlesupplys.com
Castle Supply - Creators of the Vee-String Female Vagina Prosthesis
Home
Vee-Strings
NEW! – Masturbator with Sheath Vee-String
Diane Vee-String
Original Vee-String Female Vagina Prosthesis
Masturbator V
Virgin V
Bladder Vee-String
Sheath Vee-String
Sheath w/Urinating Bladder Vee-String
Accessories
Kits
Secret Scent
Latex Repair Kit
Breast Inserts
Toys
EFB
6″ The Emperor – Better Than Real
8″ The Emperor – Better Than Real
Dong with Suction Cup – 6″ Clear
Dong with Suction Cup – 8″ Clear
Realistic Cock – 6″ White
Realistic Cock – 8″ White
Silver Bullet
Soft Touch Penis
Soft Touch Vibrating Penis
Vibrating Emperors – Ivory 6″
Vibrating Emperors – Ivory 8″
Wigs
About
Company
Why Castle Supply?
Testimonials
FAQs
Stores
Community
2014 Photo Contest
Ladyone’s Daily Cup of Inspiration
Castle Girls
Confessions
Retro Porn
Video Clips
Contact
This Is Why We Do What We Do – emails like this…
My V string arrived Friday. I haven’t been out for awhile and decided to go have a few drinks at a T friendly bar near me, while testing out the v string. It was awesome. I love the v string. About an hour after I put it on, I noticed my posture and movement have changed. It was so wonderful to not worry about something popping out or getting loose and ruining my body language. I felt calmer and more relaxed than ever.  So much so that I “forgot”  about my male genitalia completely. Thank you for such a great product, I finally feel like me. Fulfill your female illusion with the Vee-String Female Vagina Prosthesis© from Castle Supply.
The Vee-String has been in production since the 1980’s and online since 1998.  We are proud of our reputation and take great care to provide you with the highest quality latex vagina product available.  Castle Supply is located in the USA and all products are made by hand (no machines). There are thousands of combination possibilities, therefore, it may take 2-3 weeks for shipping of your Vee-String Female Vagina Prosthesis©.  Throughout the time it takes, you can rest assured we are working to complete your Vee-String to your specifications as quickly as possible.
When you buy a Vee-String Female Vagina Prosthesis©, you will receive a one-of-a-kind piece of art which will help to fulfill your feminine illusion.
One of our first customers, Robin, tells us:
“When I wear my Vee-String, the latex warms up to my body temperature and it becomes like my skin.  It is thin enough to allow the feeling to come through to my skin. I experience sensation where I rub.  I have had my Vee-String for years and it still works just like the first day I got it.  I’d say it’s durable and long lasting.  Bottom line, I get just as much erotic pleasure from the Vee-String as my partner.”
EXPERIENCE COUNTS
Castle Supply’s website was introduced April 15, 1998. Castle Supply’s in-depth experience can provide the right prosthesis product for your every need. Should you find it preferable to have us custom-design a product for you, our qualified creative staff is prepared to assist you in creating a prosthesis product ideally suited to your specifications.
SINGLE SOURCE
In order to maintain our position as a leader in the Female Vagina Prosthesis industry and one of the only “truly” single source suppliers, We maintain strict standards for our hand made products (all in-house).
There are no substitutes for the quality and integrity of our Vee-String Female Vagina ProstheseTM.
ECO FRIENDLY
We are proud of the reputation we have built throughout the Transgender Community. We also take tremendous pride in our environment. All major latex components used in the manufacture of our products are recycled back into our products which enables our customers to actualize their commitment to using recycled products.
Comments are closed.
Home
Vee-Strings
About
Video Clips
Stores
Contact
© 2015 All rights reserved
Back to Top