https://www.castyourenthusiasm.com
CastYourEnthusiasm: Girls next door in kinky rigid inescapable bondage casts, hot teen femdom meets kinky cast fetish!
By clicking "enter," I am agreeing that...
I'm of legal age in my state (18, in most places)
I'm not offended by this kind of material (kinky fiberglass cast bondage, adorable girl-next-door models)
I understand what I'll see by clicking enter.
Get it? Got it!
All models were over 18 years of age at time of production; any questions, email the webmaster.
Now, what are you waiting for? Come inside!
And hey, check out our pals over at Serious Images and Talon's Eyrie....
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
At CastYourEnthusiasiam.com also known as CYE, young teen models end up in rigid inescapable bondage casts: medical grade fiberglass casts they can't escape. Bodycasts leg casts wheelchairs arm casts quirky kinky casts you can't find on any other site. The most adorable girls-next-door you absolutely won't find on any other site, plus some of your favorites from the fetish world, are here in the weirdest kinkiest predicaments. Full bodycasts FBCS medical roleplays nurses and doctors faces casted forced orgasms hitachi play magic wand torture and also innocent amateur femdom games. sometimes we put a sweet newbie in a cast and just leave her there for hours sometimes we take play with her sometimes we go publicking this is a wonderful site for cast fetish lovers and bondage enthusiasts alike. We play with "orthodontics fetish" "braces fetish" "cast fetish" "neck brace fetish" "crutches fetish" "teens in bodycast" bodycast pictures bodycast videos we use orthopedic braces with fiberglass as rigid restraints and the girls love it. One thing is for sure: This is the strangest, kinkiest, most original, inescapable, best, most genuine rigid, long-term bondage on the internet. Our bondage restraint casts are real and intense. Where else can you see an adorable 18-year-old co-ed who's never modeled before, let alone done fetish or adult work, spend four hours in extreme rigid bondage bodycast, try a vibrator for the first time, agree to an overnight rigid session, let another girl give her an orgasm? welcome to CYE.