https://www.catfight-catfights.blogspot.com
Catfight
Catfight
Friday, July 28, 2006
Catfight
CatfightThe basics about catfight The term "catfight" is ambiguous; actually, any female fight might be
named by it (and sometimes are). In fact, catfight is also the essence of
men's fantasies about female combat embodied in dramatization taking place in
accordance with specific men's concept about what is femininity and female
character. We don’t adhere to a supercilious opinion toward female combative
activity. Being closely acquainted with such ladies as Bridget Riley, Shannon
Logan, Nikola Hartmann, Erin Toughill and many more strong skillful female
combatants, we consider using the term catfight with respect to real
women's combat activities as totally inappropriate and even offensive. However,
in order to follow the conventional terms, as a reasonable compromise, we
consider a female fight or it's imitation as catfighting only if participants
widely use so-called "female fighting techniques" (illegal in combative sports),
such as scratching, hairpulling,
spanking, breast mauling, stripping, etc.
Since these "techniques" are
often considered as erotic manifestation of a naturally feminine behavior, catfight imitation became exceptionally popular spectacle spreading worldwide
through video, photographs and movies. In fact, such "techniques" characterize
just unskilfulness of the brawlers. Once two brawling women use holds, throws or
punches such a fight unlikely would be called catfighting. Nonetheless, quite
real (but with erotic flavor) no hold barred fights in California were called extreme catfighting
Classic catfight usually accompanies by yelps and curses of
participants. Actions might vary from "peep-screech-slapping" to passionate
skirmish with scratching to bleeding. Somewhere in the middle - rolling over the
floor, lying on the table, on the bed, in water, in sand but almost always at
the end you will see stripped opponents - that is the tradition of the genre.
Many exotic roles have been devised for representatives of the so-called "weak"
gender: catfight of two naked ladies on a tree branch is drawn on the well-known
painting by Boris Vallejo; numerous pictures and cartoons show attacks against
opponents’ breasts and sexual organs. All the same, sadistic elements definitely
exist in those images. Various fantasies regarding this topic are widespread now
(fantasy catfights) including imaginary catfights between female celebrities.
In fact, the old classical catfighting (apartment wrestling) was mostly
a genre of photography depicting attractive sexy ladies elegantly dressed (or
elegantly undressed) who were engaged in an erotic light "physical clash". The
history of this genre is described in the illustrated book "Exquisite Mayhem" - The
Spectacular and Erotic World of Female Wrestling."
Catfight has also
recently been experiencing a boom in the form of payable entertainment
teleshows. There are many different forms that now exist. Catfightings media
displays forms from the more recent extreme catfight aspect, in which punching
and kicking are included with the stereotypical array of woman fight tactics,
such as scratching and the pulling of hair. Such stereotypical "impromptu"
catfights being a result of the "anger" of female participants' are frequently
included in television talk shows, lsuch as daytime "The Jerry Springer
Show" in the States and "Windows" by Dmitry Nagiev in Russia. One of the
highest profile catfights on USA television has been Miller Lite's racy Catfight
commercials in 2002, which were derided by many as sexist. The careers of both
actresses in the commercial, Kitana Baker and Tanya Ballinger, enjoyed a major
boost.
Favorite catfight topics are the following: secretary "battle",
nurse battle, fiancee "battle", schoolgirl "battle", fat babe "battle", stacked
babes "battle", dressed up lady "battle", party "battle", bedroom "battle",
street "battle", bar "battle", "battle" in a car or next to it, drunk girls
"battle", " prostitutes battle", etc. The most of "apartment wrestling" scenes
belong to this genre as well. Like the other female combat form (both real and
pseudo), catfighting is popular among Lesbians (there is a video cassette "Lesbian catfighting").
Some catfighting forms became
steady separate genres of "entertaining female combat" and began to live their
own life. The following ones should be mentioned: apartment wrestling, hairpulling and stare down
duels.
It should be mentioned that even real combative women are
sometimes involved in catfight style bouts. That’s what famous Barbara "The
Doctor" states in her article
and. Some clubs like British Catz Club UK practice tough fights in catfighting style. The following techniques are
allowed in the club:
- Verbal insults;
- Stripping to underwear;
- Slapping (open hand);
- Breast mauling;
- Hair pulling; -
Wedgies;
- Grappling;
- Standart catfight
Additional techniques (by an agreement):
- Stripping topless;
- Punching to body (gloved);
- Punching to
body (bare fist);
- Punching to head (gloved);
- Punching to head (bare
fist).
If you have watched countless numbers of catfighting websites, it would
turn out that the most of them - unconcealed erotica and pornography even not
diluting by any contests. Search engines almost always classify web pages found
by key word "catfighting" as "adult material".
Many websites, which
contain competitive events, represent female fights in the most erotic form
being probably the best match for men’s imagination. Catfight is the most
outspoken reflection of the common phenomenon (fetish) – "desire for female
fight". If you went through all that stuff on WEB sites, videocassettes and
movies, you might conclude that fighting is a primary form of women's activity
in the world. Book covers and video boxes are filled with pictures of combative
women (with or without weapon).
In the real life, however, a female
fight is a quite unusual event. Spreading images of female fights with
exaggerate eroticism in millions of copies is a valuable source for
psychologists. Perhaps, it might be explained by needs in critical and exotic
sensations as well as by erotic fantasies initiated by watching female
catfights, which are imagined as "natural women’s contests".Well, this is it for now about catfight. Ah, by the way for some real catfight action you can visit this catfight site
posted by catfight at 3:47 PM
About Me
Name:
catfight
View my complete profile
Links
Catfight