https://www.catholicschoolgirlconfessions.blogspot.com
Catholic Schoolgirl Confessions
Catholic Schoolgirl Confessions
Ok so im not exactly a schoolgirl anymore. And some of it isnt exactly confessions..heh Welcome to my stuff.
Sunday, January 02, 2005
a long long night
I purchased and watched A Home at the End of the World Tuesday night. And I loved it (if you haven't figured it out yet, I'm a sucker for good dramatic films).As much as I would have loved seeing the much publicized cut full frontal scene of Colin Farrell (sp?), I agree with the director's choice of cutting it, as I'd have been quite a bit distracted from the plot at that point.Minus the last act where Clare leaves and Jonnie gets AIDS, the relationship the three of them had came really close to that which I wish my own relationship could eventually be. I'd give up being such a lothario for a committed threesome between me, Denise and a gay man.Saturday Dusty, Ian and I went to Off Limits in order to watch a music show where one of Dusty's friends' bands was set to play. Off Limits is a good deal out of the way from our usual drinking holes, and the whole place was a bit surreal. When we first entered and paid our cover, a man was entering behind us carrying a big ass white cockatiel (and all throughout the night he was seen passing the bird around to other patrons).At the bar were a group of older bikers and their biker babes. Their vests & jackets were emblazoned with the name "boozekillers." I'm not sure whether this meant that they were killers made of booze (quite farcical, however), whether they felt they killed booze (must be metaphorical) or if it meant they killed for booze (like prizefighters fight for prizes), and I didn't want to ask. They all seemed genuinely annoyed and angered about the current state of the bar (and were quite vocal about it).The current state of the bar being that the portions of the bar consisting of the stage area, table area and dance floor were filling up with college aged emo kids and unknown emo bands playing emo music. It must have been a real freaking nightmare for the bikers as none of the emo bands played any Skynyrd...A band from Kansas names Paper Airplane was the second of four that we stayed for. They were perhaps the best performance, though I enjoyed the band Dusty brought us for (though I can't recall their names) because they were a little bit more punk than emo, i think it was Glory Hole, and had a great song called "Kill Bill O'Reilley."Drinks from the male bartender sucked. Bad enough the drinks were fucking expensive (in comparison to the U-Bar), but he gave us tiny glasses with a lot more ice in our Cap&Cokes and little Captain Morgan. The female bartender, on the other hand, ended up giving us our third round of drinks in pint glasses for the same price. She was tipped better.After that we went to a party at this girl Spring Thomas 's house. Her roomate Ali and a friend I'll refer to as "Boobies" because I can't remember her name and her breasts were ginormous were there, as were a really loaded and mellow hippy type guy and a group of eighteen year old stalkers from Corning. The Corning boys didn't stay too long--just long enough for me to learn what a "ball off" is: as calling for a ball off made the contestants whip out their junk and he who had the largest balls won. I'll only say there was a good deal of growing these boys still had to do.Soon thereafter it was just the girls, Dusty, Ian, me and a lot of alcohol.And a pleasant night was had by all (he types, grinning and knowing some want more details, details, details).
posted by sammihall at 2:08 AM
Links
Previous Posts
a long long night
Archives
January 2005