https://www.caughttgstories.blogspot.com
CAUGHT!
CAUGHT!
(TG stories of crossdressing, forced feminization, and humiliation.)
Monday, December 1, 2014
Bad Boys Make the Best Good Girls:
Tiffany, Jess, and Michelle were walking home through the park when Michelle saw a boy from school skating with some friends. She had a big crush on him and she thought he was the coolest guy in their grade.
They went over to the bench where he was sitting.
"Hi...uh... Chris. What's up?" Michelle said nervously.
Chris looked up for a moment and then back to his friends who were still skating.
"Hey." He said, uninterested.
Michelle didn't know what else to say so her friends helped her out.
"What are you doing this afternoon?" Tiffany said.
Chris looked at the girls again and seemed irritated that they were still lingering around.
"I don't know, why?" He said.
Tiffany kept at him, "Well, my parents are out of town and Jess and Michelle are coming over to hang out. Michelle thought it'd be fun to invite you over too."
Chris thought for a minute before saying, "Can I bring some friends?"
Tiffany didn't like the idea, "How many?" She said.
"Nah." Chris said, "Forget about it."
"So you don't want to come over?" Tiffany asked.
"I don't know, what are we gonna' do?" He asked, still acting uninterested.
By now even Michelle was aggravated and just wanted to go home and hang out with her friends. "Are you coming or not?"
Chris stood up.
"I'm head'n out." He said to his friends, "I'll catch up with you guys later."
The four of them walked to Tiffany's house and as promised, the house was empty.
It looked like her parents had been gone for a few days because Tiffany's blankets and pillow were on the living room couch and her clothes were scattered all over the room.
When they arrived, Chris got comfortable and took off his sweatshirt and then went through the fridge.
Not long after, Tiffany took the other two girls back to her room and told Chris they'd be right back.
While they were in Tiffany's room, however, Chris found a pair of pink panties laying in the middle of living room on the wood floor.
Chris secretly liked to wear girls clothes and often would steal his sister's dresses and underwear.
When he saw the panties sitting there, and no one around, he knew he had to have them.
Chris bent down and took them.
Then he went into the bathroom, he couldn't resist.
Although his heart was beating furiously, he slipped off his pants and put on the adorable pink panties under his own clothes.
A few minutes later, he came out and found the girls in the kitchen.
They were talking to each other and without interrupting, Chris pulled up a chair and sat with them.
They sat and talked about school and Chris told them what he did when he was skipping school.
He told them he skipped school all the time, but it wasn't really true.
He could tell Michelle liked him but he acted like he didn't even notice her and as much as possible ignored her when she spoke to him.
The whole time he was acting like a real jerk and pretending he was a tough guy.
The other two girls saw that he was making Michelle feel bad.
Tiffany had enough and got up to go to her room again.
When she passed Chris, she saw something that made her hit the floor with laughter.
Her pink panties were sticking up out from the top of Chris' pants.
Everyone turned around to look at Tiffany in hysterics on the floor, even Chris.
She was laughing so hard, she was almost crying.
Jess, Michelle, and Chris could't understand what was so funny and waited eagerly for her to calm down enough to fill them in.
Finally, she said gasping between waves of laughter, "Chris!..." And more laughter, "Chris... Chris is a sissy!" And then she fell backwards laughing more.
The other two girls didn't know what she was talking about but Chris did.
Instinctively he reached his hand behind to his lower back to cover up what he could.
That was when the others saw what Tiffany had seen.
"Oh my god!" Michelle screamed out.
Jess too exploded with laughter. "He is! He is! What a little girl!" She squealed.
Chris got up and went for the door but before he could, Tiffany yelled out, "Stop him!"
Michelle tackled him to the floor hard and the other two quickly came to help her pin him down.
"Where do you think you're going sweetheart!" Tiffany said.
"Ya," Jess added, "Show us your panties."
And together the girls pulled Chris' pants down to his ankles.
They were tugging and pulling at his panties and although he struggled against them he was powerless to do anything but scream.
But even that too was put to an end soon enough.
Tiffany grabbed another spare pair of dirty panties that were laying nearby and stuffed them into Chris' mouth.
Tiffany told Michelle to go quickly into her room and grab a top and some make-up for their new play-doll.
Michelle no longer had a crush on Chris now that she knew he was a little sissy. She ran into the bedroom.
She picked out a strapless floral top and all the make-up she found on the dresser.
Back in the living room, they forced off the rest of Chris' clothes, leaving him naked except for the panties and then forced him into the top.
Jess painted his nails while Michelle did his make-up and Tiffany teased his hair.
All three girls were sitting on top of him so he could not escape.
Michelle's knees pinned down Chris' arms while she worked, applying the mascara.
About an hour later, they were finished.
The three girls let off him and Chris slowly rolled over as they stared at him grinning.
When he realized that they weren't going to hold him down any longer, he jumped up in a flash and raced for the door.
He got to it before they could catch him.
He went to turn the handle.
It was locked.
He was trapped in the apartment.
Chris turned around slowly to face the girls who were dying with laughter.
He had to think of another way out.
Then he thought to himself, "Maybe they're done, maybe they'll let me go now."
But when he turned around and was standing in front of the three girls, dressed only in the pink panties and flowery top, he knew this was only the beginning.
And he began to plead and beg.
"Please! Please let me go. You've had your fun. Let me go!"
But the girls just kept on laughing.
"Please!" He tried again. "Where is the key?"
Chris asked, holding out his hand.
The girls were laughing very hard by now and Chris stopped long enough to look down at what they had done to him.
"Oh shit." He said quietly to himself.
After seeing his feminized self, he began to get excited.
Then, the unthinkable happened...
Standing there in front of Tiffany, Jess, and Michelle, Chris began to get an erection.
He tried to cover himself but it was too late.
All three had seen it and they were hurting with laughter.
Chris couldn't stop.
He began to rub himself and the girls watched in disbelief.
He was moaning and didn't care anymore that they were laughing.
Finally, he finished and creamed into his pink panties, reaching out to hold onto the dresser.
He couldn't believe what he had done but it was too late for all that.
The three girls had trapped him and they had won.
They had really won and now there was a stain on the crotch of his panties to prove it.
Chris stood up straight, looked at the girls, and asked with a hint of mischief, "Well, what else do you have for me to wear?"
THE END.
Posted by
Caught_in_panties
at
11:13 PM
23 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Caught,
Dress-up,
Feminization,
Forced,
Forced Feminization,
Humiliated,
Humiliation,
Revenge,
Show-and-tell,
Stained Panties,
Trapped
Wednesday, July 9, 2014
ONE SHOTS: (vol. 4):
ONE SHOTS: (vol. 4)
*     *     *     *     *
Kyle's new girlfriend was worried he would sleep around behind her back, so for the last month she had made him wear her underwear whenever he left the house. This ensured that he wouldn't get into trouble or be tempted. But one night, after work, he had a few drinks too many and went home with a girl from the bar. It was too late by the time he remembered he was wearing his pink panties and black bra.
*     *     *     *     *
Mike only had female friends growing up. Over the years he had secretly envied not being able to do girly things with them and so one day he asked Beth to let him officially join them in a girl's night out. Of course, Beth was thrilled. They curled his long hair and found the perfect black cocktail dress for him to wear. Beth was so sweet to him throughout the entire process but couldn't help letting out a little giggle when she saw how small his penis was tucked into her black thong panties.
*     *     *     *     *
When senior portraits came, Rick could not believe his mom was going through with her threat. He hadn't picked his grades up and so, to his utter horror, she had let the next-door neighbors dress him up for the yearbook pictures. How humiliating, the entire senior class would have a permanent reminder of what a sissy he was.
*     *     *     *     *
As they had done many many times before, the girl's had seduced a guy they picked up at the bar and begun the sissification process. This one didn't seem too hard to break, within the hour he would be shaved head to toe, put into a frilly dress and panties, then shoved back out onto the street.
*     *     *     *     *
"Okay... I got it."
"Show me, you little sissy bitch."
Scott lifted his Barbie Girl shirt to reveal his new bellybutton ring.
"Can I please change out of this stuff now? This mall is so crowded."
"That depends."
"On what!?"
"Did you get that cute boy's number who was checking you out?"
"Wha-what cute guy?"
"Ha-ha, so that's a yes!"
*     *     *     *     *
Nicolas was trying to sneak out of the house. But he heard his parents in the living room.
What were they still doing awake? He slipped into the bathroom and tried to wait them out. It seemed like forever he was waiting quietly in there.
He heard movement. Finally! Just a few more minutes.
Then, to his terror, someone came in and the bathroom light flipped on.
"Uhh... hi daddy."
*     *     *     *     *
Leo sent an email from his phone to what he thought was his own personal e-mail.
He was proud of how cute he had made himself and wanted to remember it later.
But a few minutes later, the replies started pouring in.
"Oh god no..." He thought, realizing he had made a big mistake.
*     *     *     *     *
James couldn't hold back the tears. His sister had forced him to dress like a girl and then threw a surprise party at their house. Everyone from their school was there and they all were laughing at him.
*     *     *     *     *
Luke was trying to seduce his sister Emily's boyfriend, but should have done a better tuck job. He was sure to show it to Emily and then Luke would really be in trouble.
*     *     *     *     *
Chris had been caught wearing his roommates clothes and now was in big trouble.
Carla immediately pulled him over her knee and began to teach him a lesson.
THE END.
Posted by
Caught_in_panties
at
7:36 PM
11 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Caught,
Dress-up,
Feminization,
Forced,
Forced Feminization,
Humiliated,
Humiliation,
Punished,
Punishment
Surprise Birthday Skype:
It was Amber's 21st Birthday.
She was out celebrating with her friends but was feeling sad because she had just learned the week before that her jerk of a boyfriend Derek had been cheating on her.
Holly was Amber's best friend.
She was tall and blonde and sexy and she could easily get any guy she wanted.
Holly hated seeing Amber so down and wanted to cheer her up very badly.
So she came up with a plan to give Amber the best birthday present ever.
The Skype call was due any minute.
A few days ago, Holly had "accidentally" run into Derek at the gym. That night she had taken him home with her and seduced him. Before they made it to the bedroom however, she told him to dress up in some of her clothes. Derek didn't want to and when Holly insisted, he left without getting to sleep with her.
Holly had also been disappointed because she had planned on giving Amber photos of Derek dressed up like a sissy for her birthday.
As luck would have it though, the very next day, Derek called Holly and told her he would do anything to be with her.
And so Holly sent over something for Derek to prove that he meant what he said with specific instructions that he was to Skype her at 5:00PM wearing what was in the box.
Without fail, Derek did as he was told.
Wearing the wig and panties and heels and maid's dress, he signed into Skype and with his heart racing, messaged Holly.
When the call came through at dinner, Holly pulled Amber aside and they answered together.
Derek was leaning back, giving a nice upskirt panty shot to the camera when the two girls turned on the camera. It took him a minute to realize that Holly wasn't alone.
"My my!" Amber said, saving a few screen grabs, "What a pretty little sissy you've found!"
Derek sat up as quick as he could and went to turn off the call.
Holly stopped him saying, "It's too late sweetie. If you don't want us to show these pictures to anyone, tell Amber happy birthday."
Derek wanted to cry. He was caught and he knew it.
He was going to have to do whatever the two girls said.
There was no doubt in his mind that Amber hated his guts and wanted to humiliate him, but what other choice did he have?
"H-happy, ha-happy birthday, Amber." Derek managed.
"Good girl," said Holly, "Now tell her she looks pretty."
"Y-you look really pretty Amber."
"Thanks!" Said Amber, "So do you!"
The two girls went back to the table where the rest of their friends were.
Amber took the phone with her when she sat down.
Derek began to get anxious when he heard many voices of people he knew.
"Hey little girl, stay on the line okay? We're about to order our food..."
The waiter came and Amber put the phone face down on the table.
All the while, Derek was sitting on camera wearing make-up and panties and a skimpy maid's dress.
He waited what seemed like an eternity.
Finally, he got up and decided to turn off the camera, but just as he went towards the computer, he heard Amber's voice.
"Hey girl's check out what Holly got me for my birthday!"
Before he could stop it, Holly's screen appeared again and he was staring a room full of girl's in the face.
Derek ended the call.
But he knew it was too late...
The next morning, Holly took Amber out for breakfast.
Amber couldn't be happier.
The two best friends were laughing and scanning through the screen captures they had taken of Derek from the night before.
Suddenly, a FaceTime call came through on Holly's phone.
When Holly saw the number, she handed the phone to Amber.
"You are the best friend I will ever have." Amber said with a giant grin.
"I know." Said Holly.
She picked up the Skype call to find her new sissy playmate waiting.
THE END.
Posted by
Caught_in_panties
at
1:32 PM
5 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Caught,
Dress-up,
Feminization,
Humiliated,
Humiliation,
Punishment,
Revenge
Tuesday, July 8, 2014
The Swimming Pool:
James had slept over at his girlfriend Megan's house.
They were Juniors in High School and just beginning to explore relationships in the bedroom.
Megan's parents were split up but they still lived in the same town to share joint-custody of their daughter. She spent 3 days a week with her dad and 4 days with her mom.
Since her father was found guilty of infadelity, Megan's mom won a large settlement and moved into a new 6 bedroom house with two garages and a pool.
Needless to say, Megan liked spending time at her mom's new place more than her dad's new apartment. To make the deal even sweeter, her mom was out of town a lot and so even on days when she was supposed to be with her dad, she told him she was sleeping over at a friend's and got the entire place to herself.
This is how, James and Megan got to be together, uninterupted, or nearly uninterupted as it turned out for the entire weekend.
The two had had a magical Friday night and were still glowing the next morning.
Feeling frisky, Megan suggested they should spend the entire day naked. James agreed seeing as how her mom wasn't due home for another day, and it would lead to some more fun.
The morning went according to plan but around mid-day the couple realized they had nothing left to eat in the house. And so reluctantly Megan decided to make a quick run to the grocery store.
"Now, now." James said jokingly, "The deal was we'd do everything naked."
Megan laughed and added, "Just because I have to put clothes on to go out for a bit doesn't mean you can."
She threw on some panties and a skirt and top, saying, "I expect you to be just as you are when I come home."
They kissed and Megan left in a hurry to get the shopping done quickly.
James looked around the living room for something to fill the void of time.
He thought about watching T.V. but then, through the window remembered Megan's mom had a pool.
Without hesitation, he went outside and jumped in.
The water felt great and refreshing.
He swam a few laps before hearing the garage door open around the side of the house. He thought this was weird as Megan usually just parked in the driveway but thought it must be easier to get the groceries in through there.
He hopped out of the pool but hadn't remembered to bring a towel out with him, so instead, James walked to the sliding glass door and called inside, "Hey sweetie, I'm out back but I forgot to bring a towel, can you grab me one?"
There was no response but to his utter horror, Megan's mom walked around the corner with her phone up to her ear and mouth completely a-gape. "I'm gonna' have to call you back..." She trailed off and put the phone down.
James covered himself. He was standing, sopping wet halfway in the door, naked except for his sandals in front of Megan's mother.
"Uhm.. I can explain." He stuttered.
"Where's Megan?" She damanded.
"She went out, we..."
Again he was cut off, "Where are your clothes!?"
James tried to think quick, "You see what happened is that Megan went out and... and I wanted to go swimming, but I didn't bring a bathing suit... so I thought I'd be real quick and..."
Megan's mom lost her scowl and a maniacle smile came over her face. "You didn't have a bathing suit you say?"
"Y-yes mam'."
"Well I'm sure you could have borrowed one of my daughters, couldn't you?"
James was shocked by the sudden shift in tone, "I could have what?"
"Borrowed one, silly boy. There's plenty lying around in her room. Just go grab one of those." She smiled again and James felt a nauseous feeling grow into his stomach.
"No, I think I'm all done swimming now." He said.
"I said go get a bathing suit!" She almost screamed at him.
James was so terrified, he had forgotten he was soaked and ran into the house obediently.
In Megan's room his heart was racing.
"This is insane! What am I doing?" He thought to himself as he searched as fast as he could for one of Megan's swimsuits.
He found heaps of bikinis in one of the drawers in her room.
Digging through them to find the least revealing swimsuit, James called down to Megan's mother, "You know I think I really have to be going now."
There was no reply.
He went to find his own clothes but heard a voice behind him in the doorway.
Megan's mom had followed him up the stairs.
"See, I knew she had plenty of extras for you. Go ahead, put it on." She said calmly.
James was scared. He knew he was in big trouble and just wished Megan would show up to straighten everything out.
"I said PUT IT ON!" She yelled at him.
James struggled to find the correct leg holes for the bottoms. Finally, he pulled the pink and white flowered bikini bottoms up his legs.
Megan's mom could't hide her amusement.
"You know what, I could use a little relaxing pool time too."
"I really don't feel like swimming." James reaffirmed.
"That's fine with me," she said, "We can just lay out in the sun. You know, catch some rays, as the girl's say. We'll wait for Megan to come home out there."
James' heart was in his stomach.
A few minutes later he was outside again. Laying on a towel by the pool.
Megan's mom was watching him with great amusement from her chair near the house.
She enjoyed humiliating the boy and couldn't wait to see her daughter's reaction when she came home.
James tried to burry his face in the towel. He was so embarrassed, displayed in his girlfriend's bikini in front of her mom.
"Oh, Jamie!" Megan's mom said after they had been out for a few minutes, "You really should turn over. Wouldn't want you to get too much sun in one spot."
James didn't respond. He just wanted this all to be over.
He knew if he rolled over, then he would be totally exposed.
When there was no reply, Megan's mom said, "Be a good girl and turn over for me."
She was having so much fun, she could hardly contain herself.
Silently and sheepishly, James rolled up onto his side as he heard Megan's car pull into the driveway.
THE END.
Posted by
Caught_in_panties
at
9:19 AM
7 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Bikini,
Caught,
Forced,
Humiliated,
Humiliation,
Punished,
Punishment
Monday, May 5, 2014
Dazed and Confused:
Ben's parents had gone out of town for the weekend, leaving him in charge of his little sister Amy. He was in his first year of College but to save some money commuted from their house to the University.
Since his parent's had left for their getaway on Friday morning, it was up to Ben to pick his little sister up from school that afternoon.
Seizing the chance to have the entire house to himself, he rolled a joint and got stoned in the living room as soon as his mom and dad were out of the driveway.
A few hours later there was a call to the houseline.
Dazed, Ben answered, "Uh, hello?
"Yes, is Mrs. Lancey there?" Came a serious voice of a middle-aged women on the other line.
"Uh, no. Not right now. Can I umm... take a message or something?"
"This is Mrs. Conway, the principle here at Riverside Middle School. Amy Lancey has been waiting outside for her ride for the last 45 minutes. Can you please tell..." Ben didn't even listen to the rest of what Mrs. Conway was about to say.
He slammed the phone down, grabbed the keys, and ran out the door.
"Shit!" He kept saying over and over again on the ride to the school.
As he pulled up in the van, he could see his sister standing alone against the wall near the gymnasium.
She opened the passenger door and got in.
"Where have you been!?!" she demanded.
"Sorry, Amy, I got held up." Ben said.
"Whatever, you're in so much trouble when I tell mom and dad how late you were."
They drove home in silence.
When they got to the house, Amy slammed the car door and went inside without saying anything.
Ben thought that she was just being young and dramatic and that he could make it up to her somehow over the weekend.
He walked up the front steps to the house but before he could get to the front door he hear Amy from inside, "Oh! You are so busted!!!"
In the living room, Amy had found his marijuana that he had left on the table in his hasty exit.
"Please," Ben pleaded. "I'll do anything."
Hearing those magic words, Amy snapped out of her anger immediately.
"Well, first off. I want Tiffany and Leslie to sleepover all weekend."
"Fine." Ben said.
"And," Amy continued, "I want pizza for dinner!"
"If that's what you want. Is that all?"
Amy thought for a moment, "Yeah, for now."
Ben thought he'd gotten off easy. He quickly moved the pot into his room and arranged for his sister's friend's to come over for a pizza party.
A few hours later, her friends had arrived and they were eating and having fun in the kitchen.
Ben was in his room, smoking again.
Pretty soon, he got the munchies and went out to the kitchen to share in the pizza party.
He came out and sat down at the table with the three girls.
Amy's friend Leslie blurted out, "What's that smell?"
Tiffany giggled.
Amy glared at her brother. "Are you high?" she asked.
"No." Ben said defiantly.
"Yes you are." Amy responded. "I'm still gonna' tell mom."
"Amy don't!" Ben pleaded.
"Then you're going to do exactly as I say..." She narrowed her eyes as she spoke and Ben felt a cold chill run throughout his body.
"W-What do you want me to do?" Ben mumbled.
"We're going to play dress up." She said and sent a smirk towards Tiffany and Leslie.
Ben was still pretty stoned and didn't know what to say. Was she serious?
He looked across the table at Amy's two friends who were giddy with excitement to see their friend's power over him.
Tiffany just smiled back at Amy.
With a mouthful of pizza, Leslie said, "Ooooo, this is gonna' be so much fun!"
They picked out for him a black polkadot dress from Amy's closet and a pair of little girl's white cotton embroidered panties which were both much too small for him.
The three girls sat Ben down on the couch after having done his make-up and put a wig on him from the costume box in the attic.
His head was spinning from smoking and from the confusion of what his sister and her friends were doing to him.
Ben kept fidgeting with the dress which was extremely short since it was made for someone his sister's size.
He tugged and pulled at the hem to keep from showing the other girls his panties.
It was all so surreal, was this really happening?
"Okay!" Amy said with a surprising excitement that knocked Ben out of his haze, "Now, stand up show us your panties little girl!"
Ben did as he was told.
The three middle school girl's screamed with delight at the brother's humiliation.
"Do you feel like you've been punished enough?" Amy asked.
Ben couldn't answer, something caught his words in the back of his throat. He was so humiliated and confused that he wanted to cry.
"No?" Amy said.
Before he could recover and answer his little sister, her judgement had passed.
"In that case, it's time for your spanking!" Amy said with a giant smile. "Go ahead, get on your hands and knees."
Ben could only fall back onto the couch in a dazed disbelief. He looked up at his sister and pleaded. "Please, Amy... Don't make me do this."
Amy spoke very sternly and demanded her brother to get on the floor, "I SAID, BEND OVER FOR YOUR SPANKING!" Her smile was gone and Ben was terrified.
Again, he did as he was told.
Each of the girls took turns spanking Ben. He was so humiliated and confused that he began to cry.
The girl's kept spanking him harder and harder and Ben was beginning to get scared because it was starting to hurt.
"Please!" He called out to the little girls but they did not hear him over their laughter.
With his head buried in his hands and face in the couch, Ben sobbed. Leaning over with his dress pulled up and pantied butt in the air, he heard Tiffany yell out over the laughing girls.
"He's peeing his panties!" she screeched.
And sure enough, Ben had pissed himself in front of his sister and her two friends.
"Looks like we've got a little baby girl to deal with..." Amy said. "I've got just the thing for a baby like you."
Ben looked up at her with blurry eyes and soaked panties. He was in for a long weekend.
THE END.
Posted by
Caught_in_panties
at
7:46 PM
11 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Dress-up,
Feminization,
Forced,
Forced Feminization,
Humiliated,
Humiliation,
Peed Panties,
Punished,
Punishment,
Show-and-tell
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Followers
Blog Archive
▼
2014
(5)
▼
December
(1)
Bad Boys Make the Best Good Girls:
►
July
(3)
►
May
(1)
►
2013
(7)
►
November
(7)
►
2011
(16)
►
July
(2)
►
June
(7)
►
May
(1)
►
April
(2)
►
March
(1)
►
January
(3)
►
2010
(6)
►
December
(6)
About Me
Caught_in_panties
View my complete profile
Simple template. Template images by Maica. Powered by Blogger.