https://www.cavewimmen.blogspot.com
Wimmen
Wimmen
A brief run-down on women I've either known or lusted after.
Wednesday, May 11, 2005
The one that lived a lie
Time to put this one out there.Several years ago I used to addicted to topless bars.
Dunno why, but I felt that it was a way to meet women who were "out of my league."
I've always been shy and never felt that I was attractive at all.
Shortly after I started going to these places I met one that I thought was "perfect."
Her name was Jen, but went by "Destiny."
I thought that was a twist of fate.
I started going in there whenever I had the time and money.
We became pretty good friends over the years.
She's now happily married and living in Dallas.
But this one is not about her, it's about someone who used to be a friend of hers'.One night I went in with a big-wig from out of town.
We were having a good time shooting the shit and drinking a few beers.
While we're sitting there, this red-head comes up and asks if she could give me a dance.
I looked at the boss, since he was banking the whole trip, and he said "ok."
She and I started to talk and she said that she was going to have to leave because her grandmother is in the hospital.
I felt sorry for her so I got a dance, but I felt something a little bit more for her.
Maybe it was because I was horny and desparate.A few months later I ran into her again at the club and she had maked me as "hers" and no one could even talk to me.
This went on for a few years or so.
She had a couple of kids since the time I first met her at this point.
It was after her youngest was born that she wanted to make me all hers and no one elses in every way.
About a month after we started going out she proposed and I was shocked.
I know that I'm a good guy and all, but to have someone propose after a few weeks?
We lived together for a couple of years and I finally decided to hold her to her proposal.
We'd lived together for a while, she'd been there for me every time I had to move because of work and all.In that time she had admitted that she HAD been married before and had two kids with her "ex-husband."
He was in prison for robbery and wouldn't be out for quite a while.
When we got to Vegas she flat out lied to the clerks office about her last name.
Turns out that she had never gotten a divorce from her husband.
We were together for about 3 months before she ran off with her drug-dealer.
The whole time we were together, she claimed that she wasn't doing drugs and that she was faithful to me.
It was all a lie.Every time she feels down, she tries to get back into my life and see how much she can mess up my life.
I had lost over 7 jobs because of her and one of the greastest loves of my life.
No, she wasn't the one who was my greatest love, but because of how the "Evil One" had treated me, I lost my temper and said somethings that hurt the last woman I have loved.She and I tried to "reconcile" several times over the years, but a few years ago I found out about her lies to me and I called her on them.
She claimed that she didn't want to hurt me anymore and that I was the one she "loved."
I told her that she should have been honest with me from the start and no amount of "love" could change that.Even now, she's trying to get back into my life.
I refuse to get taken in by her lies.
I realise what I was to her--a look at a better life, what she could have been and had if she had decided to be honest and clean.
She's now shacked up with a man twice her age and living in a trailer.
What a waste of humanity.
The only time I will willingly be happy to hear from her is when she's six-feet under.
I have never been happy about someone's death, but for her...
posted by caveman  # 6:37 PM
Sunday, June 20, 2004
AAP
Here's one about the girl I went out with my Senior year of high school.
Her name was Andrea (Andi) and she was pretty cute.
I've always felt like a dolt when I was around girls in those days (still do).
She was going out with a a friend of mine for a few weeks before we got together.
Needless to say, it did cause a bit of a strain in my relationship with my friend.She was a freshman and I was a senior, so I caught a lot of hell from my friends.
My nickname was "Candyman," because they said I offered little girls candy.
I really didn't care all that much.
At least I had finally gotten a girlfriend who was attractive, relatively smart, and popular.
We went out for a few (count them, 2) months.
We fooled around a bit, but nothing that I could get impeached for (figure it out folks).We were in "luv."
She even went so far as to monogram my stomach with her initials.
She was notorious for giving hickey's, much to my displeasure.
I have never been a big fan of those damn things, even in the throes of passion.
It looks trashy and is so damn bad for your skin.
Everything was fine for the whole time, until she tried to OD.
I don't know what had happened except I got a note from her durning 2nd period classes.
The writing started off ok, then started to deteriorate.
A few weeks after that she dumped me, right before the prom.That summer I went by her house to drop off some of her things and saw that on her TV stand was my name written over and over again.
I guess that she still wanted me, but chose not to talk to me.She hurt me for a while, but I realize that she wasn't all that special after all.
posted by caveman  # 10:57 AM
Thursday, April 29, 2004
All My Exes Live in Texas, Part I
Ok, not all of them but most of them do!
Ok, as we all know that I did one on my first "girlfriend."
All the way back in kindergarten is when I had her.
It wasn't until high school that I got my next one.
(I know that it's pretty pathetic).
It was the beginning of my Junior year when I had started to come out of my "cocoon."
There was a fresh batch of Freshman girls in school that didn't know me as the geeky guy that most of the others knew me as.
I found out that one of the freshman flute players had the hots for me.
I figured that I might as well since I hadn't had any luck with any of the other girls in my class or the class after mine.
Her name was Denise.
She was pretty cool and pretty cute.
A little bit of junk in the trunk, but nothing too bad.
Her best friend had the hots for my best bud-Jason.
I figured this was perfect, that way we could double date (no freaky stuff for me).
The most we ever did was make out in the Green room, or the practice room, or the uniform room in the band hall.
Things were going great with she and I until I went to a competition in town and met a bunch of other girls.
I met one that was really hot and she seemed intrested in me.
The next day at school, the ass-hole gene kicks in.
I ignored Denise all day and for the next few days.
I didn't know how to break-up with someone, so I just ignored her.
It really hurt her, but we became good friends for the rest of the time in high school.
After she and I split up, I stayed single for a few months (an eternity in high school), but she started to go out with someone else.
It didn't bother me.
I knew the guy and he seemed ok.
We played football together so there wasn't any major issues until I found out that he was cheating on her.
I dunno what it was, but you never cheated on my exes and had me find out about it.
One day after I found out I lost it in practice.
I hit him so hard that I dislocated his shoulder.
The last time I saw him was a few years ago and he still remembered it.
After Denise, a friend of mine, Patti, had me meet a few friends of her's from Alpine.
Both of them I thought were cute, but one was seeing an asshole from my school.
One was named Blanca and the other was Melissa F (I need to put down initials because I knew a lot of Melissa's).
I managed to talk Mel into dumping him and going out with me. .
She was kinda cute and I sorta enjoyed going out with her, until, I found out she was the town's bicycle (everyone had a ride on her).
That pretty much ended that one.
Most I ever did was make out (as usual), but everyone thought I had slept with her.
I admit that I never denied sleeping with her, but never admitted it until now.
The last time I saw her was at Blanca's wedding about 10 years ago and Mel still hadn't changed her slutty ways, that and her ass got HUGE.
posted by caveman  # 4:04 PM
Friday, April 23, 2004
Exes I've Had (Part I)
I guess that I can start with the first girlfriend I've had.
All the way back to kindergarden in El Paso.
This girl would pick the one boy she wanted for the year and that was who she wanted.
Kindergarden was my year I guess.
Her name was Tracy (not going to mention her last name because there is more to the story).
She wasn't overtly cute, but she was friendly.
Hell it was kindergarden, all you wanted was someone you could play with during recess.
Things were going great in kindergarden "love" until I started talking to the guy that was her "boyfriend" last year.
Turns out she does this for fun, seeing how much she can twist around a guys feelings and thoughts.
I guess that's when I realized that there are Evil women out there.
Turns out I was right, and she was one of the MOST EVIL ones out there.
Several years had passed, I had moved away from El Paso for a year (Dad got transferred).
We moved back to a different part of town and had to go to a new school.
About three years later guess who turns up at my school?
Yup, Tracy.
She didn't even acknowledge that I exsisted.
Oh well, I had gotten over that a long time ago.
In high school she had started dating my friend Nolan.
She was more evil and manipulative the older she got.
During our senior year she sat behind me in one of my classes and used talk to a friend of hers about her latest sexual exploits.
Unbeknownst to her I heard everything she said.
Well she got knocked up by someone other than her boyfriend, Nolan.
She told him that it was his.
He was an honorable person and did the right thing by marrying her.
I wasn't sent an invite to the ceremony, but went as a family friend, actually more like a memeber of the family.
She wanted the guy who she was fucking to be the best man, even though he never hung our with our group.
Hell Nolan didn't even know who he was.
Needless to say that she was the reason why he killed himself.
She put him into debt, ran off his friends, and continued to fuck around on him.
He just couldn't take it anymore.
He'll be deeply missed.
She, on the other hand, better hope I never see her again.
posted by caveman  # 11:17 AM
Archives
04/01/2004 - 05/01/2004
06/01/2004 - 07/01/2004
05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005