https://www.cbtheater.com
Classic Bondage Theater...
Classic
Bondage Theater
************
Welcome to
Classic Bondage Theater...
Home of great bondage videos from the past and the present!!!....
A unique site dedicated to
bringing you the best in Classic Bondage with
Classic Models, Classic Themes, and never before seen Classic bondage works.
This site contains no minors and no sex.
This site contains adult situations including full nudity and is intended
FOR ADULTS ONLY who are 18 years and older.
By proceeding past this page,
you will be exposed to what may be considered
adult-oriented material in some
communities and states, and by following the links on this site, you may
be
taken to websites containing material that also may be considered obscene or
offensive in these
same communities. The right to access adult material is a
right reserved for adults, and if you are under
the age of consent in
your community, YOU MAY NOT ENTER THIS WEBSITE.
If you are a legal adult in your community, and you have the legal right to possess adult-oriented
material in
your community, you may proceed. If you do proceed further, you do so
voluntarily
acknowledging that you are solely responsible for your actions, and
Classic Bondage Theater, the web site
creator or any other parties associated with
any documentation you retrieve shall NOT be harassed,
persecuted, or prosecuted
in any way as a result of YOUR choice to access this information.
By continuing into
the site you certify the following:
****************
1.  You do not find images of
nude adults, adults engaged in consensual
sexual situations, or
other sexual material to be offensive or objectionable.
2.  You are at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to possess adult
material in my
community including viewing such material over the Internet.
3.  You understand the standards and laws of your community, to which you
are
transporting
this material, and you are solely responsible for your actions.
4.  You understand that if you use these material or services in violation of
the above agreement,
that you may be in violation of local and/or federal laws
and are solely responsible for your actions.
5.  You hereby state that you are not a law enforcement agent or Postal
Inspector attempting to gain
access to the site for the purposes of gaining any
information that could bring any legal or other
action against the providers,
owners and creators of this site.
6.  By pressing the "ENTER" link below, you have released and discharged
the providers, owners
and creators of this site from any and all liability which
might arise from YOUR actions.
7.  Bookmarking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is
by-passed shall constitute
an explicit acceptance of the foregoing terms herein
set forth.
ALL MODELS ARE OVER AGE THE OF 18
WHEN PHOTOGRAPHED
or VIDEOED. PROOF OF AGE IS ON FILE.
If you agree to all the terms
above, Click on the ENTER button to continue.
If you DO NOT Agree, click
EXIT to search for something that follows your interest...
Enter
Exit
All the images
and real video clips contained herein are
for the private enjoyment of the
viewer of this site only. They may not be resold, renamed, recropped, resized or
otherwise reused
without permission.
© 2002-2011 Classic Bondage Theater.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement:
All individuals that appear in any visual depiction of actual or simulated
sexual conduct contained in this website were eighteen (18) years of age or older at the time
of the creation or such depictions.  The records required by 18 U.S.C. 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 with respect to
visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct made on or after July 3, 1995 are kept by the Custodian of Records, Rebecca Edwards who
can be reached at and has a business address of PO Box 61271, Durham, NC 27715.  Some of the aforementioned
depictions appearing or otherwise contained in or at this website contain only visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct made before July 3, 1995, and, as such,
are exempt from the requirements set forth in 18 U.S.C. 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75