https://www.cecilles-life.blogspot.com
a girl's life
a girl's life
Saturday, August 16, 2003
Trying to catch up I've been trying to catch up on reading blogs and leaving comments since I got back home.
I can't post from work since the internet usage is tightly controlled, and I was traveling with a laptop from work.
I am going to do my best to post more, especially since I've picked up some more links.
¶ 4:14 PM
Friday, August 15, 2003
My first link I'm so exited, I was linked to for the first time at
Spanking Blog.
¶ 6:37 AM
I'm back
I had to travel for work so I haven't been able to post or read many blogs.
I promise to return to posting today or tomorrow.
¶ 6:36 AM
Saturday, August 09, 2003
What I Did on my Friday Night
One of my long time "friends" asked me to to join him for some fun last night.
I'll try to give a decent play by play.
I went over straight from work, so I was wearing jeans a blue blouse, high heel sandals, and a black lace bra.
I rarely wear panties.
My long black hair was tied back in a pony tail.
When I got to his place, I let myself in like I knew he expected me too.
The lights were all out, just a bit off late evening sunlight drifting in.
He was nowhere to be seen, so I quickly stripped down to my bra and knelt on the living room floor.
I waited what seemed like an hour, my knnes getting sore and stiff.
By now it was totally dark.
Suddenly I saw the door to his room open and he walked into the room.
He was wearing a black robe, holding a drink in his hand.
He walked up to me and opened his robe, showing me his uncut cock.
I didn't need instructions and took it in my mouth.
I started sucking hard and fast like I know he likes it.
He wrapped his free hand in my hair, pulling my hair hard.
He pushed his cock deep into my throat, making me struggle to breathe.
I reached up and grabbed his ass, which made him pull my hair tight, reminding me I can only touch him when given permission.
His fucking of my mouth continued for a few more minutes, until I felt his cock jump in my mouth.
I opened my mouth to let him pull out and spray his cum on my face and tits.
He still hadn't said a word to me.
When he recovered from his orgasm, he turned and walked into his room, snapping his fingers for me to follow.
I got up, cum dripping off my chin and tits and followed.
When I walked in he had removed his robe, and was sitting on the edge of his bed and finally talked.
"You look godd with my cum on you.
You did well in waiting for me like a good little slut.
You even kept your bra on like I prefer.
But you made a mistake didn't you?"
I nodded and looked down.
"Yes you did.
Touching me without permission.
Now you have to be punished.
Over the chest."
I laid over the big chest at the foot of his bed, my tits hanging over one end, my ass and pussy over the over.
I felt his hand undo my bra and let hime take it off me.
Now I knew part of the punishment would be on my tits.
He walked in front of me and put two tight, sharp clamps on my nipples.
He pulled wires attached to the clips, and tied them to hooks on the edge ot the chest.
He pulled them tight, stretching my tis to their limit.
A few minutes later I felt cold gel being spread on my asshole.
He worked a finger in my ass, and quickly replaced it with a large butt plug.
Suddenly the whipping began.
When I jumped, I pulled on the clamp biting on my tits.
The whipping came down fast and hard.
I tried hard not to cry out, but between the blows on my ass and my tits being pulled, I let out a few screams.
Some of the lashings landed on the butt plug, sending schocks through my ass.
My pusssy was soaked even though it hadn't been touched.
After a few minutes my mind was lost in a mix of pleasure and pain.
The wipping stopped, and his cock got rammed deep in my pussy in one thrust.
This pushed me over the edge. I came and got close to passing out.
He kept fucking me hard, making the clamps pull harder on my tits.
He pushed deep in my cunt and shot another load of cum.
He pulled out of me and walked out, leaving me laying there, my tits pulled almost off.
He came back in and stepped in front of me, presenting me with his cock.
I licked it clean, tasting my pussy juices mixed with his cum.
When he was happy with my job, he reached down and pulled the clamps off my tits.
"On the bed"
I laid on the bed, and he came over and strattled my sore tits.
Again I didn't need to be told what to do.
I licked his asshole, trying to get my tongue as far up his ass as possible.
As I rimmed his ass, he reached down and spanked my bare pussy.
The deeper and stronger I licked, the harder he spanked.
Of course this made me lick harder and deepr. I felt close to cumming again, and he suddenly stopped.
He turned around and again put his cock in my face.
I took him deep and sucked him hard.
Soon I had another load of his cum on my face.
After three loads he was ready for bed, so I laid on the floor at the foot of his bed, where I spent the night, his cum drying on my face, my tits on fire and a butt plug in my ass.
In the morning he had to run early, so I woke up, got dressed and after a quick breakfast together I left.
I had to stop four times while typing this to mastrubate.
This blog is really going to give my fingers a workout.
¶ 5:47 PM
Friday, August 08, 2003
Confidently Submissive
I'm still not sure where to go from here on details about myself.
Like I said, I'm a submissive, but only sexually.
Outside of sex, I'm a confident, sometimes forceful person, but when it comes to sex, I can only get off if I'm subservient.
I haven't met too many women like that.
I'm not sure why I'm like that.
Some people say my sexaul subservient is a bit extreme.
To me "extreme" is as subjective a word as "normal" or "dirty".
It is true that there are few things I won't do, and that pain, humiliation and servitute are a big part of what gets me off.
To me that's not extreme.
Extreme is forcing yourself on others, sexually or otherwise.
Now you know I like to be cummed on and to submit.
I'm not sure what to say about myself.
Any ideas out there?
Is anybody even reading this?
¶ 2:00 PM
In Praise of the Facial
Over at Blogasm there's a discussion going on about guys cumming on girls faces.
You can see my comments there near the bottom.
If anybody has started reading this blog, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the subject.
I love to be cummed on.
On any part off my body, but especially the face.
The more the better.
Think bukkake.
I'll let a guy cum where ever he want,s but if it was up to me, he'd pull out and spray it all over me.
To be followed qucikly by another guy.
Or girl.
like I said, I have issues.
Anybody else feel like this?
What's the most loads you've taken on you?
Do you wipe it off, or have it licked off?
What about snowballs?
¶ 9:15 AM
Kindred Soul
Reading the story in KinkyBits this morning made me so damn hot!
That is exactly the kind of scene I love, being used and abused by a group of people.
Add some more whipping, a bit more bondage and finish it off with a golden shower, and its a perfect night.
I just added comments, so if anybody has stopped by, please let me know.
¶ 7:12 AM
Thursday, August 07, 2003
Idle Hands Are the Devils....
I just read my last post and I see I understated something.
I don't love sex, I live sex.
It's by far the thing I think of the most.
It basically consumes my life.
Case in point, I've masturbated three times today already.
Just thinking of what I want to write about is probably going to force me to run to the ladies room one more time to day.
¶ 2:54 PM
Why?
Why a sex blog?
I guess it's another facet of my exhibitionist nature.
I'm really not sure how to start this.
Let's start at the very basic.
I'm a 32 year old woman of Hispanic heritage.
I consider myself a submissive, but a confident one.
One of the many contradictions in my psyche.
I love sex, and I love things that people consider "kinky" or perverted, but I don't consider myself a slut.
More to follow.
¶ 2:51 PM
So, I just recently discovered blogs, and even better sex blogs.
I tossed around the idea of starting one for awhile, and when I ran across 100 Bloggers' challenge, I decided to go for it.
Please bear with me as I get used to this.
¶ 1:20 PM
Wednesday, August 06, 2003
This is my experiment at a blog, inspired by
100 Blogers and Kinky Bits
¶ 10:48 PM
The life and times of a kinky, submissive 30 something girl.
ARCHIVES
08/01/2003 - 09/01/2003 /
Blog Roll
Blogroll Me!