https://www.celebz.net
Tommys Celebrity Blog - Your Stop for Celebrity Content, Celebrity Bloopers, and Celebrity Stupidity!
Christina Aguilera - Mariah Carey - Lindsay Lohan - Jessica Simpson - Shakira - Ciara - Beyonce Knowles - Kelly Clarkson - Paris Hilton - Nicole Richie - Britney Spears - Anna Kournikova - Halle Berry - Charlize Theron - Lucy Liu - Jennifer Lopez - And More!
Sunday, September 03, 2006
Flavor of Love.... Tastes like Toast, Smells Like Poo
So in case any of you don't watch Flavor of Love 2, on VH1 - heres the deal... he's looking for a girl, weeding through liars, hoes, and porn-stars... Yes, porn stars. Here we have a few girls from Flavor of Love 2... Toasteee or Toastee porn pictures, Nibblez porn pictures, and Somethin porn pictures... Pretty killer...Pictures of Flavor of Love - Somethin PornYes this is the Somethin from Flavor of Love 2 that shit on Flav's floorPictures of Flavor of Love - Somethin Porn #2Another Picture Gallery of Somethin Porn from Flavor of Love 2Pictures of Flavor of Love - Toastee PornPorn Pictures of Toastee from Flavor of Love 2Pictures of Flavor of Love - More Toastee Flava PornMore Porn Pictures of Toaste from Flavor of Love 2Pictures of Flavor of Love - Nibblez Porn #1Nibblez Porn Pictures from Flavor of Love 2Pictures of Flavor of Love - Nibblez Porn #2Nibblez Porn Pictures from Flavor of Love 2Pictures of Flavor of Love - Nibblez Porn #3Nibblez Porn Pictures from Flavor of Love 2Pictures of Flavor of Love - Nibblez Porn #4 Nibblez Porn Pictures from Flavor of Love 2
posted by Tommys Blogs at 5:45 PM
78 comments
Thursday, August 24, 2006
Nicole Richies Tits... mmm :)
Heh, so I found this picture of Nicole Richie(http:// www.myspace.com/ nicole_rich)
flashing a crowd. I don't know how old the picture is, but anything like this is worth posting. To comply with Bloggers rules, I censored out her breasts, but if you are 18+ and you don't mind seeing her breasts, click on the picture to see an uncensored (and larger) copy of the image. I don't know what she's up to right now, but I plan to sit on a couple of episodes of her show with Paris Hilton. Anyways, enjoy the picture and expect more updates to come. Oh, by the way - If you link on the link above that says "Nicole Richie" you can visit her MySpace. Why not add her? Enjoy everyone! I can't wait til a Nicole Richie movie gets leaked. Oh yeah, just before I go, in case you wanted there is another picture of her here, and here (this pic she actually looks healthy, sexy.)
posted by Tommys Blogs at 4:18 PM
3 comments
Monday, August 21, 2006
Bangin' Bin Laden - Wafa Dufour
So I was sitting here fixing some HTML problems on the blog and I look to my right and see a real hot sexy woman... Lindsay! But she was looking at Wafah Dufour (http://www.wafahdufour.net) - Bin Laden. Can you believe how much she looks like a Bin Laden? Look at the wide lips and her eyebrows.
Either way, she's pretty hot. I wonder about how her family feels about her career... Another name dropper probably, but whatever. I didnt know that being a Bin Laden had its perks. It's got to be hard being part of that family after all of the stupid shit Osama has done, and the fact that people associate the words "Bin Laden" with "Osama Bin Laden" and not think about the fact that its a last name, well. I can see why "Wafa Dufour" was a better choice. Of course the name "Spryjickmo Moxhilorin" is a less frowned upon name than "Bin Laden."
posted by Tommys Blogs at 1:11 PM
1 comments
Lance Bass Likes The Ass...
So Lindsay tells me that Lance Bass from
N*Sync is gay. Alright, does this come as a surprise to anyone? I would like to present fact #1, he is holding up a pink shirt in the image to our left. Additionally, he is smiling- which indicates that inside of his head he is thinking "Wow this is a fabulous pink shirt Kevin Federline bought me, I hope Britney doesn't find out where her money is going!" Well, I guess being in a boy-band and being taunted about it for so many years has taken its toll. I don't know, perhaps this is a publicity stunt, or excuse for opening his own pink clothing line. Maybe he is confused? There is such a thing as being flamboyant, and being straight... Will Smith. Has he known he was gay for all of this time? I wonder if he is going to touch on the subject of how he found out, or maybe who he plans to share time with... I don't know, I don't think ANY celebrity is straight. I personally think that they are all too good lookin to be straight, plus- the wearing of make-up doesn't stand out as masculine to me. Oh well, Gay it up Lance Bass.
posted by Tommys Blogs at 12:15 AM
0 comments
Sunday, August 20, 2006
K-Fed... Mooch
Kevin Federline (http://www.kevinfederline.com / Britneys Bitch) was at the 06 Teen Choice Awards as well, just figured I would update all of you. His performance sucked, he was playing a piano (Obvious audio overlay, I might add) and had an iPod Sized K-Fed impersonating him on stage until his big moment in life broke out, and he jumped out at the crowd as if he was already a celebrity. Personally, I think the black guy breakdancing (Left in Image) gave a better performance. His career is not going to do any better than Britney's, so what's the point. Additionally, I'd like to add that my wife, Lindsay, feels that his relationship with Britney is going to be over in 4 years or less. That will be a relief! No more Britney money = No more shitty K-Fed media. I think we'll start taking bets on how long their relationship is going to last. $50.00 says less than 4 years, what do you say?
posted by Tommys Blogs at 10:07 PM
0 comments
Brook Hogan - Celebrity Grill
So Brook Hogan won Teen Choice 2006 Choice Grill. Wow, considering it was a gift from Paul Wall- I don't think she deserved the "Choice Grill" award, of course- there isn't really a more meaningless award a person could win. I guess when you're leaching off your fathers (Terry 'Hulk' Hogan') celebrity, you can't expect much-- Look at Kelly Osbourne, for example.. All I can say is, Brook sucks, her voice sucks, and ultimately her career will suck (Until I get a batch of her pictures, maybe then she will be considered a true celebrity.) Well, off to watch some more of these worthless people recieve awards for nothing worth noting. I'll be back to update as something worthy comes along. I think everyone should post on her MySpace (http://www.myspace.com/brookehoganmusic) about how Brook Hogan will be a "Teen Choice" for the rest of her life, and will likely not amount to anything more serious than an over-edited-artist (See: Britney Spears). Thank you.
posted by Tommys Blogs at 9:41 PM
1 comments
Tommys Celeb Blog Now Open
Hey, congratulations on finding Tommys Celeb Blog. This new internet blog will be the bridge between you, and thousands of celebrity photos and movie clips. I look forward to using nothing more than my photographical skill to bring you the newest celebrity upskirts, nipple slips, and more!My access to over 1,000 celebrity websites on the internet will provide you with the best available content, from Tara Reid Upskirts to Nicole Richie's latest nipple slip. Celebrities do stupid things when they are on the camera, and as long as the liquor keeps flowing, this website will keep updating.Thanks for taking a stop to visit Tommys Celeb Blog
posted by Tommys Blogs at 7:26 PM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
Tommys Blogs
Location:
The Beach, California, United States
I Bring It!
View my complete profile
Shameless Plugs
Previous Posts
Flavor of Love.... Tastes like Toast, Smells Like ...
Nicole Richies Tits... mmm :)
Bangin' Bin Laden - Wafa Dufour
Lance Bass Likes The Ass...
K-Fed... Mooch
Brook Hogan - Celebrity Grill
Tommys Celeb Blog Now Open
Archives
August 2006
September 2006