https://www.celebrityinsider-photosnews.blogspot.fr
Celebrity Insider - Photos and News
Celebrity Insider - Photos and News
What's hot in the world of celebrities - the celebrity news and celeb photos
| Home |
Contact | Making Money |
Advertise |
Subscribe to Celebrity Insider - Photos & News |
Subscribe to Celebrity Insider - Photos & News
Welcome
Many thanks for visiting
Celebrity Insider.
Below are just a few of the celebrities we have featured.
Click on any name to see their photos and what has been written about them.
Also please click on the subscriber button below the Selection of Celebrities to get regular Celebrity Updates.
Thank youMikeeditor
Selection of Celebrities
Abbey Clancy
Aishwarya Rai
Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace
Alexandra Paressant
Alicia Douvall
Alicia Silverstone
Amanda Beard
Amanda
Carraway
Amy Alexandra
Amy Fisher
Amy Jacobson
Amy Polumbo
Amy Winehouse
Ana Paula Oliveira
Andrea McLean
Angelina Jolie
Anna Anisimova
Anna Benson
Anna Ryder Richardson
Beyonce
Bianca Gascoigne
Billie Piper
Bob Geldolf
Brian Belo
Britney Spears
Brody Jenner
Cameron Diaz
Camila Alves
Carla Bruni
Cerys Matthews
Chanelle Hayes
Chantelle Houghton
Charley Uchea
Cheeky Girls
Chelsy Davy
Cheryl Cole
Christie Prody
Christina Aguilera
Christina Appleton
Christina Ricci
Christopher Biggins
Cindy Crawford
Cindy Jackson
Colin Farrell
Cora Skinner
Corri Fetman
Cynthia Kirchner
Danielle Fishel
Danielle Lloyd
Dannii Minogue
David Beckham
David Cook
Diana Vickers
Dita Von Teese
Emily Par
Emma Heming
Eva Mendes
Freddie Flintoff
Freida Pinto
Galilea Montijo
Gareth Gates
Gemma Arterton
Gemma Atkinson
Gemma Bissix
George Clooney
Georgina Baillie
Geri Halliwell
Gisele Bundchen
Heather Kuzmich
Heidi Klum
Helen Flanagan
Hilary Duff
Hilary Rhoda
Holly Willoughby
Hope
Ingrid Marie Rivera
Isla Fisher
Jade Eden
Jamie Lynn Spears
Janina San Miguel
Jenna Jameson
Jennifer Aniston
Jennifer Garner
Jennifer Jackson
Jennifer Love Hewitt
Jessica Alba
Jessica Sierra
Jessica Simpson
JK Rowling
Jodie Marsh
Jodie Sweetin
Jonathan Durden
Joss Stone
Jordan
Karen Dejo
Kate Beckinsale
Kate Hudson
Kate Middleton
Kate Nash
Kate Winslet
Katie Holmes
Katie Price
Katie Rees
Katherine Jenkins
Katrina Darrell
Katy Perry
Kayleigh Thewlis
Keeley Hazell
Keira Knightley
Kelly Brook
Kerry Katona
Kim Cattrall
Kim Kardashian
Kimberly Bell
Kirsty Haglund
Konnie Huq
Krista Allen
Kristin Davis
Lady GaGa
Laura White
Laure Manaudou
Lena Headey
Leon Jackson
Leona Lewis
Liam McGough
Lily Allen
Linda Hogan
Lindsay Lohan
Lisa Marie Presley
Liz Hernandez
Louise Redknapp
Lucy Pinder
Maggie Gyllenhall
Mandie Brady
Mandy Moore
Marc Bannerman
Marcia Cross
Maria Ozawa
Marisa Miller
Mary Bono
Mary J Blige
Mary-Louise Parker
Maureen McCormick
Melanie Brown
Melinda Messenger
Michael Barrymore
Michelle Rodriguez
Michelle Ryan
Milla Jovovichi
Mindy McCready
Mirthala Salinas
Nadine Coyle
Nicola McLean
Nicole Garrett
Nicole Richie
Nicollette Sheridan
Noelia
Olga Kurylenko
Olsen Twins
Pamela Anderson
Paris Hilton
Paul Potts
Paul Sculfor
Penelope Cruz
Peter Andre
Petra Nemcova
Phoebe Price
Portia Freeman
Prince William
Rachel Bilson
Rachel Riley
Rachelle Leah
Rebecca Loos
Remy Ma
Rihanna
Rosario Dawson
Roselyn Sanchez
Samantha Mumba
Sarah Larson
Sarai Givati
Setara Qassim
Shabnam Paryani
Sharlely Kerssenberg
Sharon Stone
Shilpa Shetty
Sienna Miller
Simon Cowell
Sky Nellor
Sophie Ellis-Bextor
Sophie Monk
Spice Girls
Syvette Wimberly
Teresa Palmer
Thaila Zucchi
Tiffany Dupont
Tiffany Pollard
Tina O'Brien
Tina Turner
Tom Cruise
Tori Spelling
Valerie Begue
Vanessa Hudgens
Vanessa Minnillo
Vera Mishina
Victoria Beckham
Zara Phillips
Zooey Deschanel
Plus For
Sexy & Topless Celeb PhotosGo To
CelebTease.com
Over 18's only
Subscribe to Celebrity Insider - Photos & News
MyLot
Calling all celebrities fans!Join me on myLot! Discuss celebrities topics and make a little money while you're at it.
Interesting Blogs
Celeb Tease - Over 18's only
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here
In Praise Of Konnie Huq
Madonna Photos
Helen Flanagan
Weird Amazon
Mike's Money Making Mission
How To Make Money
Insider Hot News Videos
Celebrity News and Videos
Celebrities Websites
Good Health Source
What A Kerfuffle
Elvis Presley The Early Years 1935-1960
My Love For Cheesecake RecipesCheesecakes to make your mouth water.
My Love For Marmite RecipesDo you love or hate Marmite?
Chocolate And Being A ChocoholicThe risque story of a chocoholic.
Suzie's English Mustard TalkSizzling hot stuff, feel the heat.
Is There Life After Death?What really happens when we die?
Is There Such A Thing As Time?Does time really exist?
Sponsors
Awful Jokes
Funny Humorous Letters
How To Give A TalkPresentation Or Speech
Top Ten Tips To Live Longer
World War 2 Photos
Making Money With Free Blogs
Elvis Presley The Early Years
Friends and Contacts
Couples Seeking Couples
Couples Seeking Women
Men Seeking Women
Live Cam Action
Women Seeking Men
Men Seeking Men
Dom(me) seeking sub
Singles seeking Romance
Contacts
Celebrity Insider Ads
triRESOURCE
Triathlon resource for triathletes of all abilities and experience levels.
Mike's Mission Shop
Hundreds of UK discount shops + make money as well.
Get Paid ForShopping & Eating
Make money as a Mystery Shopper, $10 to $125 per assignment.
Tattoo Me Now
Over 3,500 tattoo designs. Now you can now find your dream tattoo.
Download Movies
Over 90 million movies and TV shows! The best place to download online.
Sex Toy Warehouse
Adult toys at warehouse prices. Over 18's only.
myLot
Make money joining in and starting discussions.
Penthouse
The best girls are Penthouse Pets. Take a look for free. Over 18's only.
YouGov
Make money by completing surveys and polls for payment - genuine company.
Sexy Contacts.
Take a look at the latest new members profiles. It's then as easy as A, B, C to join.
Celebrity Insider Links
Mike's Mission Shop
Weird Amazon
Blogging Good Blogs
FinalSense
Sex Toy Warehouse
Mission Store
Previous 10 Posts
Helen Flanagan: New Bikini New Hairstyle
Celebrity Coincidences Of Michael Jackson And John...
Peter Andre In Tears Over Children
Celebrity News Updates
Olivia Wilde
Olivia Wilde snapped at the 67th Gold...
JK Rowling Splashes The Cash
Jedward Team Up With Vanilla Ice
Dannii Minogue Pregnant
Nicole Scherzinger and Lewis Hamilton Split
Where Did Lady Gaga Get That Hat?
Archives
June 2007
July 2007
August 2007
September 2007
October 2007
November 2007
December 2007
January 2008
February 2008
March 2008
April 2008
May 2008
June 2008
July 2008
August 2008
September 2008
October 2008
November 2008
December 2008
January 2009
February 2009
March 2009
April 2009
May 2009
June 2009
July 2009
August 2009
September 2009
October 2009
November 2009
December 2009
January 2010
February 2010
June 2010
September 2011
Monday
Helen Flanagan: New Bikini New Hairstyle
Helen Flanagan - Coronation Street's Rosie Webster - shows off her new hairstyle.
Her hair is shorter and this Helen Flanagan bikini photo shows her other attributes as well. Nice!67 Not Out the blog for strange things: bizarre coincidences, weird mysteries, the paranormal, UFOs and other odd stuff.Labels: Helen Flanagan Bikini, Helen Flanagan cleavage, Helen Flanagan hair, Helen Flanagan photos
posted by Luke Michaels at 20:36
0 comments
links to this post
Wednesday
Celebrity Coincidences Of Michael Jackson And John Lennon
I saw a couple of interesting posts about coincidences concerning Michael Jackson and John Lennon.The first is on the post Famous Coincidences: Michael Jackson's Will And memorial Service. This tells of a coincidence of dates, as the title suggests, between the date of Michael's will and also his memorial service. Both were dated the 7th of July, though obviously years apart. The link will lead to photos verifying the dates etc.The second is about John Lennon on 67 Not Out's post titled: John Lennon's Photo Predicts His Death. If you look at the photo concerned you'll see the words 'The Best way To Go' and the initials MDC which, as most John Lennon fans will know refer to Mark David Chapman - the guy who killed John. I think the author was struggling a little to make this story work, but see what you think.Labels: John Lennon, Mark David Chapman, Michael Jackson
posted by Luke Michaels at 19:47
1 comments
links to this post
Thursday
Peter Andre In Tears Over Children
As we know the all false Katie Price has wedded her new cash till Alex Reid. To be fair he's no doubt hoping he'll be able to benefit from her money making skills as well. Or is time perhaps up for Katie - hopefully. She's taken the public as mugs for too long.A lot of sympathy went out to Peter Andre when the Sky News presenter Kay Burley stupidly and disrespectfully asked him how he would feel if Reid wanted to adopt his kids.Peter responded strongly, with tears in his eyes by saying"No-one is going to take my kids away from me - nobody. Nobody is going to take my kids away from me and I will fight to the death for that. I didn't expect that, I'm sorry. I will die for those children."Ofcom has confirmed it had received complaints about the Sky interview.Music Freebies by Coincidence or SynchronicityLabels: Alex Reid, Katie Price, Peter Andre
posted by Luke Michaels at 16:20
0 comments
links to this post
Monday
Celebrity News Updates
Celebrity Big BrotherThough the bookies now have Dane as the favourite an Internet Poll still has Vinnie as favourite with Dane in second place followed by Stephanie.Ivana is favourite to be evicted with Alex and Nicola T (photo left) neck and neck for the second eviction place.Angelina Jolie and Brad PittStories in the UK press that Brangelina are to split have been denied by friends who say it's just another rumour. The couple are apart because they are working in different cities. Time will tell.Delta GoodremAussie singer Delta Goodrem should handcuff her man, Brian Mcfadden, this summer. A marriage will take place providing they have time and other commitments don't interfere with their plans.Prince HarryThe third in line to the British throne, Prince Harry, has moved his gear into girlfriend Chelsea's apartment in Belgrave. Harry will stay with Chelsea Davy (photo right) at weekends when he gets away from his full time job with the army.Cheryl ColeGossip is that Cheryl Cole has plumper, juicier lips than usual. So has she had lip plumping injections? "Definitely not," says her spokesperson.CoincidencesReports of celebrity coincidences on 67 Not Out:Coincidence From Actor Jonathan PryceRobson Green Talks Love and CoincidenceArlene Phillips Talks About CoincidencesCoincidences From Author Colin WilsonLabels: Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, Celebrity Big Brother, Cheryl Cole, Prince Harry
posted by Luke Michaels at 16:20
0 comments
links to this post
Olivia WildeOlivia Wilde snapped at the 67th Golden Globe Awards held at The Beverly Hilton, Los Angeles. Photo: WENNMeet New Friends at Sexy Ads. Join now for free!Labels: Olivia Wilde
posted by Luke Michaels at 16:52
0 comments
links to this post
JK Rowling Splashes The Cash
JK Rowling had some spare loose change in her purse so she decided to use it to buy a £2.5 million 17th century mansion in Edinburgh. It's only a short drive to her luxury house nearby in Merchiston.JK supposedly bought the mansion after just seeing 3 of it's 31 rooms. It's not known if this will become her main residence or not. She has a choice, as she owns properties in Scotland and London with a value in excess of £12 million.Ms Rowling's spokesperson would not comment on such 'a private matter'.10 Examples Of Coincidences. Are coincidences just by chance or is there some other meaning?Labels: JK Rowling
posted by Luke Michaels at 16:29
0 comments
links to this post
Wednesday
Jedward Team Up With Vanilla Ice
The Jedward juggernaut rumbles on. John and Edward are to record with Vanilla Ice and manager Louis Walsh says they are, "Beyond excited."The threesome are set to record Vanilla's 1990 hit Ice Ice Baby so this should be beneficial on both sides. Vanilla wants a relaunch and Jedward get a record out - so all are happy, sorry beyond excited!Make extra money: Make extra money with YouGov by completing surveys and polls for payment - genuine company.Labels: Jedward, John and Edward
posted by Luke Michaels at 15:47
0 comments
links to this post
Dannii Minogue Pregnant
Dannii MinogueMessages on Twitter have confirmed the rumours that Dannii Minogue is pregnant.Dannii wrote, "Woo hoo I'm gonna be a mummy!" And boyfriend Kris Smith added, "Woo hoo I'm gonna be a Daddy." Sister Kylie got in on the act, "OMG OMG OMG Perfect!!!! So happy!!! A new Minogue!" Dannii has had her 12 week scan and all is well - but will this be the end of her X Factor judge career?Coincidence and Synchronicity: The photo coincidence.Labels: Dannii Minogue
posted by Luke Michaels at 15:29
0 comments
links to this post
Monday
Nicole Scherzinger and Lewis Hamilton Split
It looks as if the careers of Lewis Hamilton and Nicole Scherzinger have squashed their relationship. The couple have announced that they have split. A joint statement from them said, "They have decided to go their separate ways. They want to focus fully on their careers and will remain close friends."The F1 driver and Pussycat Dolls singer were together from the time they met at the MTV Europe Awards in Munich in November 2007.Labels: Lewis Hamilton, Nicole Scherzinger
posted by Luke Michaels at 12:25
0 comments
links to this post
Where Did Lady Gaga Get That Hat?
Lady GagaWhere did she get that hat? But mustn't mock Lady Gaga as she has just become a Creative Director at Polaroid, so they must know good style! The photo was taken as the announcement of her esteemed position was announced at the Consumer Electronics Show, which was held at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Photo: Digital Creations/WENNHow To get A Car Parking Space With The Power Of Coincidence!Labels: Lady GaGa
posted by Luke Michaels at 12:12
0 comments
links to this post
Designed by
FinalSense.com
Copyright © 2006-2008
Celebrity Insider - Photos and News