https://www.celebrityvideos.ws
WELCOME TO CELEBRITY VAULT – Celebrity Vault
Close menu
Categories
See More
"Close Cart"
Top 100
Featured
Collections
Products
Blog
About
See More
"Close Cart"
Story
Team Bios
Contact
Press
Events
Investor Relations
FAQ
See More
"Close Cart"
Standard FAQ
Fine Art FAQ
Fine Art Buying Guide
See More
"Close Cart"
Print Production Processes
Framing & Display Fine Art
Limited Edition
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
Subtotal
Check Out
Menu
Cart
Register
Log in
Search
​Unlock an exclusive archive of rare images
​Discover our exclusive archive of rare images
ENTER THE VAULT
Skip Intro
Welcome to Celebrity Vault
Your shopping destination for rare, stunning and one of a kind archival photography, posters and memorabilia.  Since 1938, we’ve been assembling our unmatched collection of millions of authentic pop culture images. Discover the beauty and magic captured in our premium artwork and collectibles, featuring iconic personalities, shows and unforgettable moments from the worlds of entertainment, sports, history, politics and other subjects — all at very affordable prices.​
FEATURED COLLECTIONS  |
Frank Sinatra, 1955. Photograph by Frank Worth
U.S. Representative John F. Kennedy inspects a Naval Aircraft at Anacostia Naval Base, 1947
Jerry Lewis & Dean Martin in The Caddy 1953
The Beatles on set in A Hard Day’s Night 1964
Walt Disney pilots his 1/8 scale live steam locomotive, at his home in Los Angeles, CA 1948
The Wizard of Oz, 1939. Photograph by Eric Carpenter
Audrey Hepburn in Roman Holiday, 1953. Photograph by Bud Fraker
Marlon Brando in The Wild One 1953. Photograph by Homer Van Pelt
Elvis Presley in Tickle Me 1965
FINE ART PHOTOGRAPHY
Our Fine Art Photography features premium archival prints produced to the highest standards in limited editions. Each Fine Art Photography print is individually numbered, exquisitely printed on museum-grade fiber paper and comes with a certificate of authenticity.
Top 100
Discover our most popular images and products. See what other other pop culture fans and print collectors are selecting from Celebrity Vault's incredible collection featuring more than one million rare and unique images.
Collections
Find authentic, high-quality prints of your favorite stars and personalities in these collections, which have been hand-picked by the Celebrity Vault staff. Highly collectible yet surprisingly affordable. See for yourself.
Browse A-Z
Looking for a particular film or favorite TV star? Or, just want to take a good look inside Celebrity Vault's fantastic collection of rare and unique prints? Start here. Happy browsing.
ALL Products
At Celebrity Vault, we believe that good things come in all shapes and sizes. So, whether you're looking for a vintage movie poster, a fine art limited edition estate print, or one of a kind memorabilia, we've got you covered. Learn more here.
Search
HOME |
ABOUT |
CONTACT |
BUSINESS |
INVESTORS
© 2015 CAPITAL ART, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED