https://www.celebrific.com
Blogherald - New media and publishing news
News
Features
Guides
Editorial
Interviews
Blog Tips
Advertising
More
General
Blog Conferences
Contact Us
Guides
How to Turn your WordPress Blog into an Online Shop
Blog Tips
16 Tips on Blog Writing and Formatting
Guides
7 Tips to Attract Guest Bloggers to Write for Your Website
Make Money Blogging
Don’t Owe A Thing: Tips for Bloggers Filing Taxes
Features
Great Titles and Web Design for Maximum Traffic
Marketing
Running Your Email Marketing: Dedicated Platform or Gmail-Based Apps?
Guides
How to Maximize Your Freelance Profits Using the Power of Emotion
Guides
A Marketer’s Dream: Pinterest Pointers for Spectacular SEO
So Long, Peach
January 15, 2016 by Justin McGee Leave a Comment New social media apps come and go, and pretty much no one notices — and as it turns out, that’s really a problem. No matter how great a new app is, if no one is using it, if no one knows it exists, if it never gets any traction, it fades away into the graveyard of failed apps in Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store.
[Read more…]
Filed Under: News Tagged With: Peach, Social MediaWho’s in Your ‘Blog Squad’? Build a Team to Take Your Blog to the Next Level
January 14, 2016 by The Blog Herald Leave a Comment To those considering starting a blog, the process seems easy: Choose a subject, create a site, and start sharing your brilliance with the world. How hard could it be to write about the stuff you’re interested in, take photos, and post it online? [Read more…]
Filed Under: Blog Tips Tagged With: blogging teamTwitter’s Stock Price Continues to Fall
January 13, 2016 by Justin McGee Leave a Comment For many, celebrity and average Joe alike, Twitter is the go-to social media platform. Its limited 140-character updates ensure that the platform remains simple to use. While it may be a little off-putting to the outsider, using symbols like hashtags (#) or commercial ats (@) are all over tweets, which helps Twitter retain its raw, startup feel. Politicians, movie and pop stars, religious figures and even terrorists organizations lean on Twitter to get their message to the masses easily.
[Read more…]
Filed Under: News Tagged With: Jack Dorsey, TwitterThe Art and Science of Storytelling on the Web
January 12, 2016 by Blog Herald 1 Comment Editor’s note: This post was written by James E. Hein, a web developer with 10 years of experience. He has immense interest and knowledge in the technology area. He is also working as a strategist in projects related to business and technology. You can follow him on Twitter.
Storytelling is one of the oldest (and most effective) forms of communication. Since the advent of language after signs, storytelling became a part of cultural rituals all around the world. In the olden days, every village and town had its own storytellers who used to entertain the locals with their stories every evening. All they needed to conjure up a story was an idea, a gossip, or a stimulus of any kind, and their imaginations did the rest. The art of storytelling has evolved through the ages, but the basics remain the same. Even today, gossips and rumors lead to the publication of featured lifestyle magazines.
All they needed to conjure up a story was an idea, a gossip, or a stimulus of any kind, and their imaginations did the rest. The art of storytelling has evolved through the ages, but the basics remain the same. Even today, gossips and rumors lead to the publication of featured lifestyle magazines. [Read more…]
Filed Under: Blog Tips Tagged With: blog writing tips, storytellingFans Take to Social Media to Pay Respects to David Bowie
January 11, 2016 by Justin McGee Leave a Comment Last night, the news of David Bowie’s death spread quickly over social media. The news came from David Bowie’s official Facebook and Twitter profiles. His official Facebook page has over 6,000,000 “Likes,” and his Twitter page has over 772,000 followers. Though his illness was not public knowledge, the musician’s death comes after an 18-month battle with cancer.
[Read more…]
Filed Under: News Tagged With: David Bowie, musicTila Tequila Thinks the Earth is Flat
January 8, 2016 by Justin McGee Leave a Comment Remember Tila Tequila? She’s the reality star who hosted the MTV reality show “A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila.” She’s the musician who released unforgettable hits like 2007’s “I Love U.” She’s the celebrity who starred in “Celebrity Big Brother” in 2015. She’s the pop culture personality who praised Adolf Hitler (yes, that Adolf Hitler) on Facebook in 2013. Well, Tila Tequila’s back; this time, she’s raised more than a few eyebrows with a 12-hour Twitter rant about the shape of the globe world: Tila Tequila thinks the Earth is flat.
[Read more…]
Filed Under: News The Ultimate Social Media Cheat Sheet 2016 Edition
January 8, 2016 by Noemi Tasarra-Twigg Leave a Comment Blogging is not limited to writing and hitting the publish button anymore. Sure, you can do that, but you’re being lazy and irresponsible as a blogger if you do.
With the Internet overflowing with content, we know that bloggers cannot – and should not – sit back wait for eyeballs. Social media is the game changer. The way you handle your social media campaign can be the deal maker or breaker for your blog.
As such, it is critical that you know social media platforms, their ins and outs.
How to Effectively Promote Your Blog Posts on Social Media
There are so many case studies, surveys, and statistics shared all over the place that it can be confusing at times. To help you gain some focus, here is the ultimate social media cheat sheet for 2016. [Read more…]
Filed Under: Features, Infographic, Social Media Marketing Tagged With: Infographics, Social Media Tips4 Tips for Visualizing Data With Maps
January 8, 2016 by The Blog Herald Leave a Comment From a content marketing point of view, data visualization is extremely important. As we move through 2016, we’ll continue to shift away from text-based content and slowly gravitate towards visual mediums. However, that doesn’t mean people want less substance. They simply want to consume information in visually enticing ways. One such way is through the use of maps. [Read more…]
Filed Under: Features Tagged With: data13 Tips from Popular Bloggers to Beat Procrastination and Write Productively
January 7, 2016 by Blog Herald 4 Comments Editor’s note: This post was written by Antonio, a blogger and a consultant who provides writing assistance to job seekers. He loves writing about marketing, education and productivity. He’s also crazy about riding his bike and bumping into new people (when he’s on foot). He will be happy to meet you on Facebook and Twitter.
Procrastination is a dirty word for many writers, because it means they are not doing the work that needs to get done because they lack the discipline to do it.
It sounds pretty bad put that way, but that is how psychologists characterize chronic procrastination. Yes, it is a disease for some people, and they need professional help to tell them to get going!
Fortunately, most bloggers only suffer from occasional procrastination, and need nothing more than a little push in the right direction.
Hence, there is no need to feel bad. Procrastination happens to the best writers. To prove it, we asked professional bloggers, writers, and branding experts to weigh in on the procrastination dilemma and give their piece of advice on how to combat it. These practical tips are from their personal experiences with the dreaded P word. Find out how they got themselves out of a stall. [Read more…]
Filed Under: Blog Tips, Content Marketing Tagged With: blogging tips, Popular Bloggers, problogging, ProductivityMark Zuckerberg’s New Year’s Resolution: Build Jarvis
January 6, 2016 by Justin McGee 1 Comment Every new year brings with it a flurry of New Year’s resolutions. (We hope that your resolutions are going well, by the way.) Most of us have relatively simple resolutions. We resolve to go to the gym more often, lose a pound or two here or there and finally get around to working on that perfect work-life balance that people are always talking about. But Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg isn’t really like the rest of us; his New Year’s resolutions are a bit… extravagant.
[Read more…]
Filed Under: News Tagged With: Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg1
2
3
…
995
Next Page »
Jobs for bloggers
Web Content WriterWriters and Guest Posters Wanted!Copywriter
Blogger for ongoing writing and content strategy projectsOvernight WriterTechnical CopywriterFitness Technology BloggerContent Writer
Popular posts
Does Your Blog Need Disclaimer?
Seven Great Sites For Legal Free content
Writing A Blog Disclaimer
Things You Can Do If You Have Too Much Work
Blogging Like a Rockstar with Chris Ducker
Four Ways to Boost Your Content’s Impact
Blog Security
Your Privacy or Your Safety: Is it Really a Zero Sum Game?How to Safeguard Your Website and Customers from Data BreachesThe Most Destructive Viruses of All Time
The Blog Herald © 2016 Splashpress Media