https://www.certifiednursingassistant1.blogspot.com
Become a CNA
Become a CNA
Learning how to become a CNA
Friday, May 27, 2011
Looking At CNA Schools
Those folks seeking to gain employment as certified nursing assistants look to take advantage of the entry level nursing and medical training offered by CNA schools. They might be looking to being able to assist doctors and nurses not only with patient care but also with all of the varied documentation issues involved. They may look to work at a rehabilitation center, hospital, nursing home or any other sort of health care setting or facility. There is little doubt that this field is one of the fastest growing ones around today. For this reason alone, more and more CNA schools are appearing all the time.
CNA Responsibilities
Extremely diverse would be the best description of the responsibilities involved with a CNA. One will be trained in areas relating to learning how to monitor vital signs, feeding, bathing and grooming patients. Mobility of patients is an important area covered. CNA's will also be instructed how to assist bedridden patients with their exercise activities. Learning how best to guide patients from their rooms to other critical areas in the hospital is well covered. CNA's will also be made thoroughly familiar with how to administer different emergency procedures such as CPR for example.
CNA Schools - Where To Look?
Many community colleges, technical or vocational schools are now proudly offering CNA training programs. In most cases the program will be completed in anywhere from six weeks to twelve weeks depending on the course structure.One will then have to put in a certain number of clinical hours in order to receive their certification. The number of hours required does vary from one state to the next. A growing number of universities and schools are now advertising online to their audience. Although many of these simply offer traditional classes to the student, more and more are beginning to offer online programs to meet the needs of those already working full time.
Best Ways To Select CNA Schools
The very first thing to look for and make certain of is that the school being looked at is fully accredited. Obviously this means that they have fulfilled any and all standards and regulations required by the state. One will also want to see that the school is also registered and affiliated with credible commissions such as the Collegiate Nursing Education Committee as an example. There are a number of other well respected commissions as well that the school could be affiliated with. Of course, one will also want to do some research on the quality of instructors in a school, the different options the school offers and of course the cost of the training program.
What Is Required To Become A CNA?
In addition to their efforts in the classes and their clinical hours, the folks involved are going to have to pass a test known as the NNAAP test. Without doing this, one will not be able to work as a CNA. Individual states may have other requirements that must be met also.
The good news is that there truly is an ever growing number of great schools to select from. Many of these also offer placement assistance to their graduates when they become certified. That can truly make things a lot easier for one to get started with their new career.
Nursing assistants help sick and injured patients with their daily living activities.  A person who has graduated from a certified nursing assistant (CNA) training course is qualified to work in a hospital, assisted living facility, nursing home, or mental health facility.  They help patients with bathing, dressing, eating or ambulating.  They monitor patient vital signs and report abnormalities to the physician or registered nurse.  They record medical histories, change dressings, administer some medications and educate patients about better health practices.  Nursing assistants offer companionship and support to their patients.  If a person wishes to become a CNA, he must complete a training course and pass an examination in the state where he plans to work.
Posted by
amos
at
12:17 PM
6 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
CNA Schools,
CNA Training Programs
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
amos
I like to read.. work at the hospital most of the time
View my complete profile
Followers
Blog Archive
▼
2011
(1)
▼
May
(1)
Looking At CNA Schools
Watermark template. Powered by Blogger.