https://www.cfnmchap.tumblr.com
CFNMCHAP
CFNMCHAP //
I am a male, exploring the world of CFNM, chastity control and tease and denial.
I love hot women and lesbians, beautiful nature and words of wisdom!
Although I really enjoy chastity play, I am probably closer to a switch than a submissive.
The avatar is me and I have enjoyed real-life CFNM on a number of occasions! //
Home /
Send Me a Message /
Archive /
Theme
28 notes
189 notes
Being at peace is the ultimate position of power..
(Source: kushandwizdom, via endlesss-blisss)
2,036 notes
35 notes
Q: hey dude! your blog i s very awesome, you are doing a great job! btw by any chance you now what are the actresses names in this scene you've posted some time ago? [put your blog url before the following] 128179990161/girls-only-know-your-place-white-girl-startingHi, apologies for delay and thankyou for your question.Unfortunately I cannot find the image you refer to… asked by bj-harvey
0 notes
Q: Hi I was wondering if you can help, I've recently met a guy who's a bit of a switch but enjoys being submissive, he wants me to blackmail and be mean to him but I don't know how to? I was wondering if you had any ideas? Sorry this is out of the blue I'm a bit stuck(also I'm a bit new to acting dominant)Apologies for the delay in response. I’ve not been on here that much recently.Although I am not an expert in blackmail, a few suggestions.Order him to go and buy lingerie which he has to tell the Female shop assistant it is for him. You could go with him and ensure you take pictures.He can then wear the lingerie at home and take pictures.Alternatively you can begin to manage his orgasms. This is an extremely powerful form of domination as men are ruled by their dicks! He has to ask you for permission to wank and to orgasm. This can be written and/or with a picture of him and his handwritten and signed letter to you and used as a form of blackmail also.Order him to come and serve you and a few female friends (or a close one). He can be naked, in a cock cage (which he would purchase) or as a sissy/maid. Pictures again will serve to blackmail him.Alternatively any other form of domination that you like - foot worship, sissy maid, forced masturbation - can all serve as the starting point for a blackmailing relationship..I hope this has helped, and apologies once again for the delay in response.YoursCFNM Societyasked by l1ttle-m1ss-r
2 notes
Q: I keep my subs locked 24/7 lots of ballbusting pegging and humiliation. I am a pro dominatrix.
Keep an eye on my up and coming blog tonight around 12est there will be a ton of live pics and vids. Newbies can also learn how they can submit and serveThankyou Miss, it’s been a while since I’ve been active on here due to setting up and working on the twitter equivalent.I will follow you and hopefully be able to repost images for others.Happy New Year!asked by dangerousdominatrix
0 notes
Q: what exactly is CFNM?Apologies for delay in writing. For some reason I had no notification of your question. So I’ll start by wishing you Happy New Year!CFNM means clothed female, naked male. It ranges from batchelorette parties and art classes through to Female Domination. It attracts many men who are eager to strip and many Ladies that enjoy the change in relationship dynamic (the loss of clothes tipping the balance of power of a normal male/female interaction.Many Ladies enjoy this aspect of CFNM, one which also of course lets them know exactly how a man is feeling.I believe the origins of CFNM stem from a Feminist CFNM Tea Party where fit, naked boys were selected to serve Ladies tea. There was no sexual activity, other than the aesthetism of enjoying the sight of the naked servers.If you are interested CFNM Society is now also on twitter where it has been far more active than on Tumblr.Best wishesCFNM Society   asked by goldskinshawtyy
4 notes
16,894 notes
107 notes