https://www.cfnmexposed.com
CFNM EXPOSED - Clothed Female Naked Male Porn Videos
Sperm Donor
Size: 255 Mb    Runtime: 15:10
I
was sitting in the doctor's clinic, I had seen an ad in the
paper that offered $50 for a sperm donation. I was tight on
cash so I jumped at the opportunity. As I sat there glancing
around my surroundings, two nurses entered the room.  "Hi, I
see you are Mr. Finder." She said, looking at her chart.
"I'm Nurse Star, and this is Nurse Sterling - my assistant."
she gestured to other nurse.  "So today you're here for a
sperm donation?" she asked.  "That's right." I said. Her
assistant handed me a large cup, I was surprised by its size
and didn't think I could fill it.  "Wow" I said, "What
happened to the smaller ones?"  "Well, now we need a lot
more." the nurse said, "try to fill it as much as
possible."  "So I'm assuming I do it right here?" I asked
"Yes." she replied, "We're just going to leave you here to
do that and then in a minute we'll come back in to see how
you did."
I waited for them to exit the room before standing
up and removing my clothes. I looked around my surroundings
for a few moment as I stimulated myself, attempting to
achieve an erection. It was difficult because I felt
nervous, it all seemed very clinical. Shortly after I had
started the nurses discretely entered the room again.  "Oh
my god." I jumped, "You guys are in here too?"  "Well, we
thought you might need assistance." the head nurse said.
"It seems like you're taking a while." she continued.
"Well, I wouldn't want you to go against your policy or
anything." I replied, feeling slightly confused.  "Oh it's
not, we're a very hands-on type of clinic." she said.
CLICK HERE TO
CONTINUE...
Surprise Nudist Cleaner
Size: 229 Mb    Runtime: 13:00
It was
just before Christmas and I had taken this extra job,
part time to raise a little money for presents. The only
catch was, it was a naked cleaners service. Basically,
people would call up for a cleaner service and I'd get
dispatched over to their house. Once I arrived, all I
had to do was strip off and clean up around the place.
The pay was great and it was easy, but today was my
first visit out and I was very nervous.  I arrived on
time and after double-checking I had the correct
address, I got out of my car and jogged up the steps to
what appeared to be their front door. I knocked on the
door and stood up straight, trying to look cute. The
door opened fairly quickly, as if they'd be expecting
me. A very attractive girl wearing glasses answered the
door and another girl stood behind her.  "Hello?" she
said.  "Hi, maid service!" I said, enthusiastically!
"Okay, come in." She said, she seemed shy.  "Okay." I
said, making sure to wipe my feet before stepping
inside.  I wandered in and looked around before promptly
asking, "In here?" gesturing towards what appeared to be
the living room.  "Yeah, as you can see we hard a pretty
heavy party last night."  "Yeah I can tell!" I said,
"Well, I'd better get started."  "Okay" said the girl
who had greeted me at the door, "We'll be upstairs if
you need anything."  "Okay" I said, slightly confused.
Why were they going upstairs if they hired a naked
cleaner?   I shrugged it off, took off my clothes and
began cleaning, not giving it any thought. I started off
dusting around the fireplace. After some time the girls
came down, and the redhead ...CLICK
HERE TO CONTINUE...
Insurance Physical Test
Size: 181 Mb    Runtime: 11:50
I was sitting in the chair at my local
doctor's office, I had been sent there because I was
applying for health insurance and the insurance company
had requested a physical in order to assess my
eligibility for insurance. "So how are your feeling
today?" asked one of the nurses who were going to
examine me. "Oh well you know.." I said. "Are you ready
for your physical?" the other asked. "Yeah, sure" I
replied. They proceeded to examine me, I felt a little
nervous but tried to relax as they checked my blood
pressure and heart beat. Apparently everything was fine,
so they examined my throat and that too was fine. The
blonde nurse requested that I stepped on to the scales,
"Preferably taking your clothes off down to your
underwear." she said." I blushed, "I'm not wearing
underwear." "Well, then just take your clothes off. We
won't look, but we do need an accurate weight count." I
obeyed, stripping my clothes off and stepping onto the
scales. She adjusted them for a moment before getting an
accurate definition of my weight, the other nurse was
summarizing the examination and making notes of what
they had found so far. "Well, he's about 198lbs." she
said, "How tall are you?" "5'11" I replied. "Pretty
good, that's about right." I sat back down in the chair,
still naked, and waited for them to finish jotting down
the results. They also had to examine me for testicular
cancer, so they took turns touching my testicles,
searching through my scrotum for lumps and examine my
cockhead and shaft. The feeling of their eyes on my body
excited me. "There's one more thing we ...
CLICK HERE TO CONTINUE...
Girls Behaving Badly
Size: 302 Mb    Runtime: 16:30
It was my first day at my new college, I was starting an
evening class for history 101 during week days. As it
was my first day I was early and had been expecting to
spend some time wandering around college until I found
my classroom. The task however, had been easier than I'd
expected and I found my classroom quite promptly and as
I wandered in I took a look at my surrounding, and
slipped down in to one of the desks near the front of
the class. A few minutes later my mind was already
wandering, but it stopped abruptly when two very
attractive girls entered the room. One was tallish,
about 5"9ish with long blonde hair that was tied back in
a pony tail "Oh god, who's the new dope?" I heard one of
them say, "Welcoming." I thought. "What are you doing
here?" "I'm here for history 101", I paused, "this is
history 101 right?" "Right, well, actually, it's
whatever you want it to be I guess, but this is our
class.", said one of them, continuing, "And if you're
going to be in our class there are some things you
should know, for one, I'm in charge." "Oh, are you the
teacher?" I said, slightly confused. "Something like
that, I'm more of a head student." "Oh I see." I
responded. "So, uh, what's with the black socks and
brown sandles?" the taller girl asked. I stuttered, "My
mom suggested I wore these." I said. "I see, well, in
order to stay in this class, you're going to have to get
with the program." said the shorter girl, "Because we
don't take dorks like you." The tone of the conversation
was getting steadily worse, these girls were becoming
increasingly more hostile, insulting me and my
appearance. I was beginning to feel quite humiliated,
and I wasn't sure how to react. "Come here", the taller
girl said. I stood up out of my seat, looking over at
her nervously but not moving any closer. ....
CLICK HERE TO CONTINUE...
CFNMExposed turns the tables around and puts naked guys getting sexually humiliated by clothed women! This series gives the girls all the power by stripping down a hapless male down to his birthday suit followed up by some raunchy group sex! But here's the catch: these chicks never take off their clothes - they're too preoccupied with embarrassing and
exploiting their nude male for their own sexual satisfaction! Featuring real-life situations, watch these men get stripped down and used!
Members
Login | Instant
Access
Warning: This Site
contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for adults only!
If you are easily offended by and or if you cannot legally view this type of material
where you reside, PLEASE EXIT NOW!
Customer Support |
Contact Us |
Porn Movies |
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy
All models were over the age of 18 at time of photography.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright 2016 CFNM Exposed - All Rights Reserved