https://www.cfnm-dreams.blogspot.com
CFNM DREAMS
CFNM DREAMS
CLOTHED FEMALE, NAKED MALE
Wednesday, September 13, 2006
CFNM small penis humiliation
This was supposed to be a CFNM hand job video. When the guy couldn't get it up, the girls got pissed and it became what it was destined to be - the greatest humiliation video ever filmed! His dick was so small they just exploited him. They put an ashtray on his stomach, smoked cigarettes and blew the smoke in his face till he choked and complained. He was tied down tight so there was nothing he could do!In a last attempt at getting him hard, they brought out the cock pump. They pumped it so hard his balls came up into the pump, causing him much discomfort, and they just laughed and continued abusing him. When they took the pump off and saw how small his dick still was, they did a pinky finger comparison with it.Then they brought out a huge dildo and stuck it in his face trying to force it into his mouth against his will. He was really whining like a baby ready to hide in shame at this point but they just continued. They put a "hairclip" on his dick and it was bigger than his dick! For the last 5 minutes, they tickle tortured him with the hairclip still attached. This is incredible footage of humiliation!Watch Movie.
posted by thehornyblogger at 1:46 PM
0 comments
Monday, September 04, 2006
Tied Up In Bed!
After seeing him accidentally cum in front of them in their art class, the students are desperate to see Nick's hot body again. Even the teacher wants another look at this strapping lad and his big cock so they sneak into his bedroom and tie his hands to the bed before waking him up. As Nick struggles with his restraints they tease him and slowly pull the covers back to expose his naked body.The four girls surround him on the bed and the teacher can't help herself and grabs hold of his cock right in front of her students! After playing with him for a bit she commands him to give them a repeat performance and unties one of his hands. As Bexy and Jenny hold his legs down, he pumps his cock for them and before long his cock erupts for them again.Image Gallery.
posted by thehornyblogger at 6:39 PM
0 comments
Sunday, September 03, 2006
Brother Caught In The Act
Amanda is horrified when she bursts into her brother's bedroom and accidentally catches him lying on his bed naked watching a porn film and playing with himself. She is disgusted and makes fun of him to start with and threatens to tell their parents. James pleads with her not to and her mood lightens as she decides to have some fun with him. She goes to get her friends Charlie and Jess who were hanging out downstairs and they laugh their heads off as they walk in to see the naked boy. They demand to see what he was doing and are astonished as he reveals his huge penis to them - it's much bigger than anything they have ever seen before. As they crowd round him it gets bigger and bigger and its not long before they are desperate to take turns to wank him themselves. As they pump it harder and faster its not long before they make him cum all over himself.Image Gallery.
posted by thehornyblogger at 6:28 PM
0 comments
Saturday, September 02, 2006
The Courier
Elliot gets a job as a courier but when he turns up to deliver a package to Belle and Katie, it's a package of a different kind that they are interested in. The girls can't take their eyes off the bulge in his tight courier's shorts. Belle isn't happy though as it appears the package has been opened and she blames Elliot. He protests his innocence but she says unless he shows her whats in his shorts she is going to tell his boss that he was tampering with her mail. Reluctantly he strips off and has to sit on the sofa between them while they stare at and touch his naked body. But the girls want more and make him start wanking for them. As he gets more excited, Belle forces him to cum on his own delivery sheet while they watch!Video Gallery.
posted by thehornyblogger at 6:52 PM
0 comments
Friday, September 01, 2006
Point of view CFNM
A CFNM scene shot as if the action is actually happening to you, the viewer!Natalia, Franky and Emma catch you stroking your cock and after their initial shock decide to watch for a bit. However, it's not long before they like the look of your cock and decide to take over the stroking themselves. They talk very dirty to you about how much they enjoy wanking a man's cock and seeing him wank it. They call you names and play and fondle your cock until it erupts all over their hands. But that's not the end of it! They then play with the cum all over their hands and milk every last drop before leaving you spent and exhasuted!Image Gallery.
posted by thehornyblogger at 6:35 PM
0 comments
Recommended
CFNM Movies
Pure CFNM
Brandi Belle
CFNM USA
Humiliatrix
Links
CFNM Femdom
CFNM list
CFNM Guide
CFNM Top
The CFNM
Erotic Surf CFNM
All Free CFNM
CFNM 100
Handjob Pages
Medical Examinations
Webcam Whore
Previous Posts
CFNM small penis humiliation
Tied Up In Bed!
Brother Caught In The Act
The Courier
Point of view CFNM
Archives
September 2006