https://www.cfnmidol.com
Welcome to CFNM Idol!
Many enticing stories
are written about Clothed Women dominating Naked Men by creative
authors. Have you ever had your own CFNM fantasies or experiences you've
wanted to share of your own? Well now, you can. Here at CFNM Idol, you
can submit your own stories for the chance to get them published as the
next update. There is no limit to how many stories you can submit, and
the competitions are run every week. Other members will judge the
stories that have been submitted, and the winning submission will be
made in to video shortly after. CFNM Idol is your only chance to get
your CFNM fantasies published in to real video! Watch the CFNM fantasy
you usually imagine in your mind unfold in real time high-quality video.
Join now and your CFNM fantasies can become a reality.
Caught Jerking Off | Submitted by RisingSun
I want to share an experience of mine I had in college. I stayed on
campus and I wasn’t dating anyone at the time. It was always
difficult for me to masturbate because whenever I was in my dorm
room my room mate was always there. I had decided to resort to using
the rest rooms but many people would use them. I was in there
masturbating to pornography one day (I admit this was a bad idea in
retrospect) when I heard some noises coming from outside. I figured
it was just people passing by and continued what I was doing. A
couple of seconds later two girls burst in and start yelling at me.
It turned out they knew I was in there and that I came in to this
particular rest room masturbate a lot. I couldn’t fuckin’ believe
it, and within seconds they are fucking lecturing me on how to
stroke my dick. I was so fucking shocked and before you know it one
of the girls is grabbing my damn dick and showing me how to jerk it.
I couldn’t believe what was going on. Here I was in the rest room
while these girls fucking jerked me off. Unbelievable!!! After a
couple of minutes we moved out of the stall and by the sinks, the
girls squatted down and took turns jerking my cock off while the
other held up the magazine.  It was unbelievable and they did
such a good fucking job. Some time passed and they had brought me
very close to orgasm, and when I finally erupted, they made me cum
all over the magazine.  The second I was done, they bolted out
the door and left me there, with a huge cum-soaked erection.
Office Humiliations | Submitted by Robert
This is a CFNM experience of mine I had at work. I have a fairly
boring desk job, but one of the perks is that I have my own
office. I was sat behind my desk bare ass naked browsing porn on
the internet but I had forgot to lock the door. My female boss
opened the door and caught me red handed!  “What the hell
is going on here? What are you doing?” She yelled at me.  I
panicked and told her the first thing that came to mind, “I
thought I had locked the door.”  She told me I could lose
my job for this and that I was in a lot of trouble. So I did the
only thing I could, and begged for my job. I figured nobody else
had seen me so maybe if I groveled enough she would let me off
the hook. I told her I’d do anything to keep my job.
“You’re going to have to do everything and anything I tell you
in order to keep your job.”  She said.  I was in total
shock, I’m a married man. But what the hell was I gonna do? If I
go home and tell my wife I got fired for masturbating at work
she’d divorce me! The way I saw it, I had no choice. I had to do
everything she said because that was the only way I could keep
my marriage and my job.  I asked her what she wanted me to
do and she told me to get down on my knees. She commanded me to
crawl around on the floor and I obeyed. I had no choice and
while I felt completely humiliated, secretly I liked it. Before
I know what’s going on, she’s climbing on to my back and telling
me we’re going to play a game, and I’m the horsey! She rode me
around the entire room, slapping my ass as we went.  She
did this for a couple of minutes and then out of the blue my
other boss bursts in.
I couldn’t fucking believe it, BOTH of my female bosses deciding to
come and check up on me in the same day. That is practically unheard
of because usually they didn’t’ give a fuck what I was doing.
Sometimes I wonder if they already knew and the whole thing was
planned out from the start.  Anyway, my other boss was shocked
at what was going on but she warmed up to it remarkably quickly once
my boss explained it to her. I don’t know how things turned for the
worse so quickly, but before you know it both of them are riding on
my back around the room. I’m still completely fucking naked and
wondering if this will get any worse.  That’s when it did, they
sat me on the couch and demanded I jerk off for them. Again, I’m a
married man and the concept of doing something so wrong was a scary
one. But what could I do? I had no choice, I had already come this
far, so I guess I had to continue.  I jerked off pretty quickly
and came on the carpet. I just wanted to appease them and get this
over with as quickly as possible.  Once I came, they turned to
me and said that I could keep my job, and I sat there, looking down
and feeling completely humiliated.
Members
Login | Instant
Access
Warning: This Site
contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for adults only!
If you are easily offended by and or if you cannot legally view this type of material
where you reside, PLEASE EXIT NOW!
Customer Support |
Adult Webmasters | Contact Us |
Porn Movies |
Report Spam | Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy
All models were over the age of 18 at time of photography.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright 2016 CFNM Idol - All Rights Reserved