https://www.charmanexxx.com
Professional Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS4, PS3, Wii U and Wii Repairs, Customizations and Upgrades | Console Repair Guy
Jump to Navigation
Xbox 360 Repair | PS3 Repair | Nintendo Wii Repair | Console Repair Guy Gets It Done
Console Repair Guy
Your Professional Canadian Source for Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS4, PS3, Wii U & Wii Repairs and Upgrades
Main menuAll Systems
Xbox One
Xbox 360
PS4
PS3
Wii U
Wii
Cart
Professional Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS4, PS3, Wii U and Wii Repairs, Customizations and Upgrades
Xbox One Repair
PS4 Repair
Wii U Repair
Xbox 360 Repair
PS3 Repair
Nintendo Wii Repair
Welcome to ConsoleRepairGuy.com
Serving all of Canada and the USA !
Xbox One - Xbox 360 - PS4 - PS3 - Wii U - Wii - Repair Service
Console Repair Guy specializes in game console repairs, upgrades and internal customizations. CRG provides professional repair services for most popular current and previous generation platforms including Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS4, PS3, Wii U and Wii.
CRG is located near Sydney, Nova Scotia Canada and provides mail-in repair services to all of Canada and the US. CRG has over 18 years experience repairing game consoles, computers, mobile devices (smartphones, tables, netbooks, etc) and electronics. For repair inquiries involving systems not listed above please inquire with a detailed description of the issue.
We have fixed thousands of gaming consoles of all types and strive to deliver you the best service possible. There are no diagnostic fees as most tech shops charge and there's a no fix, no fee policy in effect for all services except the Xbox 360 Reballing Service. If we can't fix your game console there is no charge besides return shipping.
Most repair services include a limited repair warranty.
Professional Gaming Console Repair Services Offered
Click here to view all game console repair options
Why Choose Console Repair Guy?
We use only professional equipment and high quality materials.
We go above and beyond in effort to repair your gaming console.
All parts and repairs are thoroughly tested before being shipped back to you.
All workmanship is guaranteed and all part replacements include a hassle free warranty.
CRG does not perform any of those risky, dangerous and sometimes extreme fixes found on YouTube and other sites.
Your precious game console will be diagnosed and repaired by a highly experienced game console repair tech.
Payment options
We accept Paypal, Cheque, Money Order, Interac e-Transfer (Email Money Transfer) and all major credit cards via Paypal's Secure 256-bit Encrypted Checkout Service. With Paypal, you are 100% protected by their Purchase Protection policy.
Are you looking to fix the console yourself?
Console Repair Guy understands that the solutions to most gaming console issues can be found online and in some cases may even seem easy to tackle, but first hand experience has revealed that, depending on the source, a lot of DIY repairs found online are full of false information, instruct you to do things that will surely cause more damage, are highly lacking in important details or are just misleading in general.
If you are comfortable working with sensitive equipment and consider yourself a technical minded person then by all means save yourself some $$ and fix it yourself! Check out my detailed, easy to follow repair guides on YouTube: Game Console Repair Guide How to Videos (expect more repair videos in the near future.)
Main Menu
Game Console Repair ServicesXbox One RepairsXbox One Laser Replacement
Xbox 360 Repairs
PS4 RepairsPS4 Blu-ray Laser Replacement
PS4 HDMI Port Repair
PS3 Repairs
Wii U RepairsWii U Not Reading Game Discs
Wii Repairs
Quick Diagnose
TestimonialsView Testimonials
Submit a Testimonal
About Us
Help
Contact CRG
How This Service Works
Payment Methods
Shipping Information
Terms of Service
Warranty Information
F.A.Q.
Determine Your Issue
DIY Fixes
Testimonials
You guys rock. I thought my Xbox 360 was toast but you got it fixed in no time. Thank you!
Samuel G - Halifax, Nova Scotia
My PS3s workin great now. No more freezin! Thank ya muchly!
Ryan D - Newfoundland
Got my 360 in the mail today. Works perfect! You da man!
Devin K - Kitchner, Ontario
My Xbox 360 is working even better than before it overheated! I play for hours on end every day and it's still going strong!
Matt L - New Waterford, NS
Thank you so much for your service! My son is very happy now that he has his Xbox 360 back in the game.
Alex J - Tornoto, Ontario
It's been a couple years now but I just wanted to let you know our Xbox 360 is still working great. Thanks again for your excellent repair service!
Clifford R - Halifax, Nova Scotia
Xbox One Disc Drive Repair
Jason L - Sydney, Nova Scotia
More Testimonials
SSL Certificate Authority
Repair Services | How This Service Works | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | FAQ
Copyright © 2015 ConsoleRepairGuy.com All Rights Reserved.
ConsoleRepairGuy.com is not associated or affiliated with Microsoft®, Sony®, Nintendo® or any other brand mentioned on this site.All trademarks and brands mentioned are property of their respective owners.