https://www.charmingamateurs.com
Malaysia Mingle

ACCOUNT LOGIN
 Sign In
Email/Username
Password
Remember me
forgot password
forgot password
If you forgot your username/password you can easily restore it here. Just enter your email address which you used for registration, and your data will be sent to you
Email :
SOCIAL MEDIA LOGIN
 FACEBOOK
WelcomeJoinSign In
Mingle with Malaysian Singles and
browse Malaysian personals at
MalaysiaMingle.com
Sign up Free
Username
Password
Your Email
I agree with Terms of Use
taking the malaysia online dating site to the next level
Are you one of the people who is not giving up on love, but always seem to connect with the wrong people?
Then you’ve come to the right website to change that. Here at MalaysiaMingle.com we take meeting Malaysian singles very serious. We work from a philosophy of making single men and dating single women easy and and not difficult.
We found out that Online dating sites in Malaysia often are good at bringing in new members and once you’are a member they try to sell you an expensive membershiup before you have seen any Malaysian personals profile, yet.
On MalaysiaMingle.com we have tried to approach it from the other way. We offer you a free online dating site with almost all features for free to use. That's why we would like to invite you to create a totally free profile and take peek in our ever growing members area!
site features
dating service for singles
The best way to describe our website is a Dating service in Malaysia with various possibilities to get in touch with new contacts. Malaysia dating with malaysiamingle.com is a safe and fun way to start to know new friends from the other gender before meeting them in real life. People describe our site as one of the better Malaysia dating sites currently online. Joining our website is totally free and accessible to anyone over eighteen. Don’t wait any longer and start online dating in Malaysia today! read more...
Chat and make new Friends
Meeting people in Malaysia has never been easier. You can simply make new friends and chat with people from Malaysia. With our easy to use search tools and integrated chat box you can instantly make new chat friends in Malaysia and expand your group of friends. So whether you want to make friends in Malaysia for friendship or for a dating chat, you can always find a cool friend for chatting in Malaysia
Matchmaking for Singles
Malaysiamingle is the perfect spot to meet singles in Malaysia. We offer great instruments to find the best fitting personals from Malaysia to suit your personal desires. Try our Malaysian matchmaking tools now for free. With our advanced search tool you can browse thousands of profiles of likeminded Malaysian singles in your area. Don’t wait, because it’s always a good time to meet new people.
Device friendly DESIGN
Whether you are on an Android tablet or phone, IPhone or IPad, you will always be able to see our website in a perfectly adjusted resolution, just as you can on your laptop, PC or IMac. This means that our responsive design makes this dating website is also a mobile dating site.So you’ll always have your friends and updates near!
create account
New Members
NAILA
24 YEARS
ANIS
24 YEARS
UMAR
24 YEARS
UNI
24 YEARS
JAMILA
24 YEARS
KAMAL
24 YEARS
ITAN
24 YEARS
SUHANA
24 YEARS
3 easy steps to SUCCESS
It’s very easy to get a personal success story as well. If you follow the three steps described below you almost can’t miss and will surely make lots of new friends and in many cases you’ll even find a
true relationship for life!
Step 1 Create a FREE profile
Creating your Free pofile is the most important step to take. Thousands of possible matches are waiting for you to meet them in our members area.
The better you fill your profile the higher the change to find that match made in heaven!
Step 2 Browse and Find Friends
After joining, login and start browsing profiles in your local area. Donzens of people from your City are
online now.
Step 3 Make contact and Connect
Once you find people you like, just conact them with our IM chat or send them a personal message. Don’t hesitate to contact others. Remember everone is here for the same reason! ... Now Signup and start mingling! :)
success stories
-we were both widowed and young-
“…we found each other through this great dating platform. Actually we both never expected it to work but tried it any way.
Now we’re already 1,5 years together and ready to remarry and give our luck a second chance…”
T. and R (Kuantan)
-thanks to our friends we found each other-
“With both having friends who were already settled, there was a need to find someone special too. It were actually our friends who
signed up for us and helped us match :-) . Thanks to them we are now married and having a wonderful life with our newly born!”
Happy couple from Penang
-successful in business, but unfortunate in love-
“We were both doing quite well for ourselves, career-wise. But Always alone. After a while one starts to feel an emptiness in their life and a need for a loving partner.
Thanks MM for giving us the opportunity to let our lives complete each other’s!”
Slamet & Ayu (KL)
More than 123.000 Malaysians are currently having an account at malaysiamingle.com and the numbers are growing rapidly! Signup to our FREE Malaysian dating site too!
join for free
Terms of use ·
Privacy Policy ·
About Us ·
FAQ ·
Contact
© Malaysia Mingle 2016