https://www.chastitylad.tumblr.com
Chastity Lad - Used and Abused!
Follow on Tumblr
Ask me anything
Submit
RSS Feed
Archive
Home
Chastity Lad - Used and Abused!
I'm a 29yr old male living in the UK and I've been locked in chastity by my boyfriend - I am tormented/used by him whenever and however he pleases and I'm loving every minute of it, although i have no idea how long he intends to keep me like this. This blog will be a record of some of this things going on in my chastity!Thought I'd add my Skype name too: ChastityLad - Kik is also: ChastityLad
Search Posts
Posts I Like
Photo via jaysulliPhoto via jaysulli
Photo via twinks-and-bdsm
bismoothlover: So fucking hot nice forskin and smooth the way I like it
Photo via twinks-and-bdsm
Photo via lockedbygf
wifespantyboy:
Best idea you’ve ever had.
Photo via lockedbygf
Photo via chastity-and-piss
diaperguynl:
It happend a few times…. also leaking diapers making wet spots in my jeans
Yes, sure! Last time in Bangkok in an Hotel lounge!
Photo via chastity-and-piss
Photo via captionsofchastityPhoto via captionsofchastity
Photo via captionsofchastity
beginning-chastity:
So very nice
Photo via captionsofchastity
Photo via captionsofchastityPhoto via captionsofchastity
Photoset via subnhou
pupkato: Hot Slave. Lock it’s nub up
Photoset via subnhou
Photo via robskinksPhoto via robskinks
Photo via milkingcocks… for more milked men visit milkingcocks.tumblr.comPhoto via milkingcocks
Who I Follow
Made to fuck my ass with a glass dildo while using a magic wand on my locked willy, all for the boyfriends amusement… And I still wasn’t allowed to cum, just get to the edge then stop… Over and over again!
Bf: @kinkygamer
ChastityLad
Jan 16, 2016 9:10 am
5 notes
Love the way the bottom doesn’t even try to touch his cock… Hopefully it’s locked away 😀(via boysbuttscocksandcum)
Jan 15, 2016 11:41 pm
420 notes
*whimpers* can I subtract the days I’ve already been locked for without release???!? PLEASE!ChastityLad(via lockmeinchastity69)
Jan 14, 2016 4:05 pm
lock-me-up-make-me-serve
117 notes
I asked the boyfriend to play with me because I was horny as hell! He removed the security tag… Then instantly locked it with a padlock
😳😳😳😳
Bf: @kinkygamer
ChastityLad
Jan 10, 2016 11:08 am
37 notes
Circusiom?
Why aren’t you cut? I mean it would be much easier to clean and you dont have to take it off at all… forever… never agai :)
Jan 9, 2016 3:30 pm
2 notes
Bulging after 5 days locked in by a mate
Jan 8, 2016 3:30 pm
103 notes
Me locked in cb6000
Jan 7, 2016 3:30 pm
15 notes
BDSM Test
http://bdsmtest.org/result.php?id=1199729
Bf:
kinkygamer
ChastityLad
Jan 7, 2016 2:30 pm
7 notes
saving--abel Asks:
Hi I'm Rachael and I love you and your boyfriend, you guys are so hot and i get so horny off ya'll, also i love your blog. My question is do you ever get to come?
and when was the last time you got to cum? thanks ;)
chastitylad Said:
I do get to cum occasionally… Offer they’re ruined or abandoned orgasms though with don’t help with my horniness!
And thanks for the nice comments 😀 I don’t go into the messages section often so sorry for the slow reply…
If you have any requests of what you’d like to see then please send a message to me of the boyfriend and we’ll try to help ;)
ChastityLad
Jan 7, 2016 11:37 am
3 notes
Anonymous Asks:
Do you have a snapchat?
chastitylad Said:
I don’t, but I have kik
ChastityLad
Jan 7, 2016 11:29 am
0 notes
Anonymous Asks:
God I would kill to watch you get edged in a video. Any chance you would be up for that?
chastitylad Said:
Pm me ;)
Jan 7, 2016 11:29 am
2 notes
Anonymous Asks:
Have you noticed if your cock has gotten smaller after being locked up?
chastitylad Said:
It does definitely shrink 😀
I like being teased about it shrinking and stopping working because of it being locked for too long though, so I’m fine with that :D
It seems to get back to normal size after about a week or two of freedom though. Maybe after a longer term it wouldn’t, I can only hope 😀
One of my big kinks/fetishes is my boyfriends cock being so much bigger than mine and mine being insignificant so forced to shrink and shrivel as he has no use for it! (He prefers my ass and is far less interested in my cock) I love when he teases me about it being locked up and threatening to keep it locked till it can’t get hard ever again cause it’s stopped working!
ChastityLad
Jan 7, 2016 11:25 am
18 notes
submissiveirish96 Asks:
Hi, I was wondering if you have any shaving tips, i try to do whole body but usually break out and miss places. have you any tips for all body shave??
chastitylad Said:
Shave with the direction of hair growth, not against it… That will help a lot as your not trying to cut the hair below the surface of the skin!
Also try to shave in the shower after using your shower gel to clean… If you shave before shower gel the perfumes in it can irritate your skin.
If non of this helps then your skin may be extreme sensitive… If that’s the case just use clippers like a beard trimmer for a month to let your skin recover, then try again.
But remember NEVER shave against the growth of hair or you’ll be right back to irritated skin particularly in pubic/stomach areas 😀
Hope that helps
Jan 7, 2016 11:18 am
4 notes
insanity-with-love Asks:
What's it like having a pa? I'm getting One next week
chastitylad Said:
Means you have to sit to pee quite often but if your in chastity that’s probably the norm anyway… Also has advantages for locking things to or through 😀
It’s a little painful when its first pierced but I like it and I like the fact that now I’m forced to sit to pee even if I’m not locked up 😀
Jan 7, 2016 11:11 am
4 notes
tigeriusthepup:
Let’s do it arooo.
Jan 7, 2016 10:51 am
piledriverpegging
172 notes
RSS Feed
Ask me anything
Submit
Previous Page
Next Page
Driving Lessons In Birmingham