https://www.chastityboyaz.tumblr.com
ChastityBoy
Menu
Close
Home
Archive
Ask me anything
Submit
Theme by safe as milk
ChastityBoy
bi boy in Arizona Like to submit, and occasionally like to be locked up in chastity. KIK- Chastityboyaz
anakedglassofwine:
I know this isn’t everyone’s cup of tea, but I like a bit of whiskey in my water now and again…
OMG so hot
Jan 15, 2016
continuousstateofdesire:
This photo is inspired by one of Grae Andresen He introduced me to the strap on early in our relationship and I think it is safe to say I took to it instantly. It is wonderful to see him grow more submissive as I put on the harness. And the look in his eyes while I am fucking him is amazing I love to see how much pleasure it is giving him.I figured The NN community would appreciate more strap on pictures.Love teaspoonteaspoonsn.tumblr.com/(Source: nymphoninjas)
Jan 15, 2016
submatt90:
Yes please Miss!
Kik: submatt90
(Source: mrandmrsx2014, via straponandpeggingpictures)
Jan 15, 2016
ehuro:
Oops
Jan 15, 2016
ehuro:
Summer in Florida ☀️
Jan 15, 2016
femdom-brats-and-princesses:
“Has my boy been having dirty thoughts about me?..were you listening to me fucking my boyfriend? Your hard cock tells me that you were..you bad boy…bet you were listening to me cumming over and over on his cock…wishing it was your cock  I bet…..wishing I would slide up and down on your slave cock…..my pussy is so tight..it is heaven for my boyfriend…even he can’t hold his load inside me…maybe no cock can..maybe my pussy is just too hot for everyone.”
Cocktease Femdom
(Source: kinkinedinburgh, via dreamsofmistress)
Jan 15, 2016
shadowartist58:
His yin–Her yang. The cycle is reversible and complete.
(Source: youngarbiterstranger)
(via dreamsofmistress)
Jan 15, 2016
herrenoslaven:
Me on August 16th
It was summer and hot out side and my second day in the cage and the start of my 100% chastity slave boi:)
Hehe I did put clothes on and when out whit my board:)
Jan 15, 2016
(Source: perceptivedominance, via yesdrifter)
Jan 13, 2016
beg4itboy:
You know you want it faggot
Woah(Source: fuckyeahjoff)
Jan 13, 2016
msterg:
A beautiful mirror image…. showing the world what he has become… caged, plugged and no longer functional as a man
Jan 13, 2016
Anonymous asked:
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!! What have you decided to do for 2016 with regards to your husbands denial? Did he have any access to you on New Year's Eve again?
onlyshecums Answer:
I went with my first idea, which is that he gets to flip a coin once for every time that he makes me cum.If he can get three heads in a row, he earns a ruined orgasm.Or he can deny himself the ruined orgasm and shoot for four heads in a row for a full satisfying orgasm.Or again he can deny himself the satisfying orgasm and shoot for five heads in a row for pussy sex.After midnight on New Years Eve, and we got back to our hotel, I let him eat me out, and then I massaged his horny frustrated cock until he was on the verge of exploding. Since he made me cum eating me, he got to flip a coin. I say he got to flip the coin, but actually, I’m the one flipping it, and we look on together as I lift my hand off the coin to see the results. Tails. I was tired, so we went to sleep. We woke up this morning, and of course his morning wood was burning a hole in the sheets, so I let him eat me out again. Since he made me cum again, I massaged his frustrated cock back to the verge of exploding, and then let him have another flip of the coin, which was tails again. So far no progress toward any relief for him, but then, it is still only the first day of the New Year.He was so horny, he wanted to try eating me out some more, but I was more in the mood for breakfast, so I locked his cock up in chastity, we got cleaned up, and we went down for breakfast. Just to tease him some more, I skipped wearing any undergarments when I got dressed, and I wore his chastity key as a charm on my bracelet, which kept clinking musically against my plate as I ate breakfast.So far, that’s as far as things have gone, but I’m loving this new idea. I could see the look in his eye, that the denial was driving him crazy. That’s what I like to see when I gaze into his eyes. I think 2016 is going to be a good year for the both of us.♥🎉♥
Jan 13, 2016
newcanbsubhub:
“Regret much?” #Femdom #Chastity #Cuckold
Jan 12, 2016
chastityboyaz:
Locked up nice and tight.
Jan 10, 2016
chastityboyaz:
smallpenishumiliationlive:
crazyboutsexvideos:
All videos all the time CBSV
Little dick loser getting teased
shemale cams
Mmmmm(Source: sexykinkybeauty)
Jan 10, 2016