https://www.chaselove.com
Cutting to the Chase
Cutting to the Chase
Ramblings on politics, film, music, literature, current events, pop culture, lists, dirty words, trapezoids, birds, cartoons and any other damned thing that strikes my synapses.
A 39ish-year-old freelance journalist and writer living with his wife and baby daughter in the hardscrabble environs of Oklahoma, Chase McInerney now spends much of his time frozen in stark, cold sweat-inducing, gut-percolating fear. For it will be soon ... yes, very, very soon.
Thursday, June 21, 2007
Thanks for the Memories ...
As any readers of this site might have noticed, this here blog has been running on fumes for some time now. Call it the vicissitudes of life, or a lengthy writer's block, or being too damn busy, or -- more likely -- just plain laziness, but yours truly has hit a formidable dry spell. The blog has had to take a back seat to family stuff, work stuff, new-kid-on-the-way stuff, moving stuff, Billie Jean-is-not-my-lover stuff, etc., and so it is time to officially pull the plug on this blog. Jack Kevorkian is out on the street again (atta boy, Jack-Attack), so the time seems right.Likely I will be back on the blogosphere in some fashion, albeit with a site that no one knows about, so that I might be able to post or not post at my leisure and without the tsk-tsking from fellow bloggers (yeah, I'm talking to you, Pants, still the nastiest and funniest blogger I personally know).Three things before I bid you adieu, however. First, thanks to the contributing bloggers here, namely Cassandra D (my beautiful, kind, compassionate, fiery liberal wife) and some really good friends: Daniel Gale-Grogen, Larry Mondello, Conrad Spencer, Dash Riprock and Turtle (although I'll be damned if those last two ever posted more than one or two entries). You guys are all great writers, if not exactly great people, and I encourage you to be fruitful and multiply.Second, the final episode of "The Sopranos" rocked. David Chase, we are not worthy to breathe the same air you do. Why can't he run as a Democrat in '08?Third, indulge me one final photo of Apple Rosebud, who is now past 18 months and growing. She will have a little brother in August, although she doesn't know it yet, and subsequently I suspect that she will be weathering a bit of a lifestyle upheaval soon.So let me just say that this morning she kissed me for the first time, and (cue the cornball music) it was an amazing moment. Each day, I look at this smiling, temperamental toddler and -- although I am far from a "child person" and never seriously anticipated having kids -- I fall in love with her all over again. Daily.It is something I had never looked forward to prior to getting hitched, and so it is a gift for which I am particularly and deeply grateful. Even when she gets royally pissed off, which generally only happens when we're in a restaurant or at a family gathering, she just makes me feel happy. Maudlin as hell, I realize, but it is what it is.Here's to you, Apple Rosebud.This blog's for you ...
posted by Chase McInerney @ 9:15 AM
26 comments
Monday, June 11, 2007
How Long Can a Person Hang Upside-down Before Their Head Explodes?
By Conrad SpencerThe under-appreciated Chris Elliott series Get a Life featured an episode in which a roller coaster breaks down at the top of a loop, leaving Chris and the other passengers suspended upside down for the duration of the episode. It's a great plot for sitcom but, given backup generators and clever mechanical engineering, not something that I thought likely to happen in real life.But I was wrong.
posted by Conrad Spencer @ 10:45 AM
16 comments
Friday, April 27, 2007
Friday Random 10
For no particular reason, this one's for you, Mr. Halberstam, wherever you are ...1.
The Barenaked Ladies, "Sound of Your Voice"2.
Jim Carroll, "Them"3.
Fang, "The Money Will Roll Right In"4.
Belle & Sebastian, "I Love My Car"5.
The Beatles, "Eleanor Rigby/Julia [Transition]"6.
Chuck Berry, "Thirty Days"7.
The Slackers, "Married Girl"8.
The Young Fresh Fellows, "Don't You Wonder How It Ends?"9.
Bobby Vinton, "Blue on Blue"10. Jane's Addiction, "Ain't No Right"
posted by Chase McInerney @ 9:51 AM
8 comments
Friday, April 13, 2007
Ho, Ho, Ho
Jesus H. Christ. Enough already.So Don Imus said a stupid, tasteless, racist thing. In our strangely schizophrenic culture, where political correctness thrives alongside mean-spirited shock, that is enough to put a screeching end to a nearly 30-year career.Now don't get me wrong. I'm no Imus fan. The guy has a lengthy and ignominious history of racism, anti-Semitism and homophobia. He's a prick, OK. His irascibility always struck me as more tiresome than endearing, and I never really understood why such Beltway pundits as Maureen Dowd, Jonathan Alter, Paul Begala and the like were deferential to him while tripping all over themselves to be on his program. Such politicos weren't ballsy enough to go on Howard Stern (who likely wouldn't have any interest in talking to them, unless they were on the Sybian), but Imus was irreverent enough to give the talking-head types a bit of hipster credibility.And now Imus has been reduced to mea culpas before a dangerous demagogue like Al Sharpton. Now he is eating shit doled out by Jesse "New York is Hymietown" Jackson. And now he is out of a job.CBS President and CEO Leslie Moonves has placed the Imus fiasco in the context of the ever-wheezy culture war:"He (Imus) has flourished in a culture that permits a certain level of objectionable expression that hurts and demeans a wide range of people. In taking him off the air, I believe we take an important and necessary step not just in solving a unique problem, but in changing that culture, which extends far beyond the walls of our company."Yeah, when I think of a network gutsy enough to change the culture, I think of the home of Survivor and Big Brother.Listen, we're a big, tough, grownup country, and one presumes Rutgers' women's basketball team can withstand the ill-considered taunt of a cranky old fart. I don't fault CBS for booting Imus off the air; that's the company's prerogative. But I do think the furor over a bone-headed remark -- and how it subsequently has been amplified in the mass media -- is more reflective of a hypocritical, weak-kneed, squeamish society that feigns offense while simultaneously dishing it out at will.
posted by Chase McInerney @ 9:15 AM
13 comments
Friday Random 10
Happy Friday the 13th, you superstitious nutjobs, you.1. Shelby Lynne, "If I Were Smart"2. Tim Hardin, "How Can We Hang on to a Drean"3. XTC, "The Man Who Sailed Around His Soul"4. Poe, "Haunted"5. Dianne Reeves, "Solitude"6. Television, "See No Evil"7. Derek & the Dominos, "Key to the Highway"8. The Kinks, "Dedicated Follower of Fashion"9. Frank Black, "Headache"10. The Pixies, "Something Against You"
posted by Chase McInerney @ 8:57 AM
7 comments
Thursday, April 12, 2007
Grindhouse Memories
I don't care if Grindhouse apparently tanked in its opening weekend (although, in retrospect, maybe the Weinsteins should have figured that Easter isn't the best time to roll out a movie with more eye-gouging than a Greek tragedy) -- I'm still coasting on a post-Grindhouse buzz.As such, I've been reminiscing lately about some of my favorite grindhouse and exploitation flicks over the decades. Since this is my blog and what I say goes, I'm sharing some of my own personal faves. Click on the poster to be taken to the film trailer .... And remember: It's only a movie.
posted by Chase McInerney @ 11:10 AM
20 comments
Kurt Vonnegut, R.I.P.
1922-2007“Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.” Slaughterhouse 5“1492. As children we were taught to memorize this year with pride and joy as the year people began living full and imaginative lives on the continent of North America. Actually, people had been living full and imaginative lives on the continent of North America for hundreds of years before that. 1492 was simply the year sea pirates began to rob, cheat, and kill them.” Breakfast of Champions“A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.” Sirens of Titan
posted by Conrad Spencer @ 9:15 AM
13 comments
Friday, April 06, 2007
Return of the Grindhouse
I was not born a movie geek. It came gradually, with careful nurturing at Saturday matinee double-features (at the long-since-defunct Will Rogers and May Theaters in Oklahoma City) and the instruction of others. Back in my high school days, I had a brother in law, since deceased, who schooled me in the world of exploitation pictures: slasher movies, no-budget sci-fi, sex-starved girls-in-prison flicks, biker pics, blaxploitation, hot-rod car chases and on and on.It was, in a word, paradise.I immersed myself in them all, with a number of them -- Dawn of the Dead, Death Race 2000, The Green Slime, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Blood Feast, Last House on the Left, Beyond the Valley of the Dolls -- becoming as much a part of my formative years as Winnie the Pooh and sneaking peeks at my best friend's father's stash of Playboys. Some of the movies were classics of trash aesthetics; most were not. But almost all were masterpieces of the visceral, bristling with energy, enthusiasm and gloriously driven by matters of the Id.Often made by people whose talents were outmatched by their imaginations, the exploitation movies I gorged myself on during that period instilled in me a deep and abiding love of cinema, both good and bad.Somewhere in movie heaven, if there is such a place, that dear departed brother in law, whom I'll call Mitch, must be beaming with the release of Grindhouse, the Robert Rodriguez/Quentin Tarantino homage to those trash epics of yesteryear.Even if you haven't seen Grindhouse by this time (and if you haven't, get thee to a multiplex post haste), you probably know the essentials about it. It's a double feature; Rodriguez directs the zombies flick Planet Terror, while Tarantino helms the car chase/serial killer gem, Death Proof. Between the two, there is a slate of wonderful ersatz movie trailers (Don't and Thanksgiving are particular standouts, so hilariously rude you might just lose control of your bladder before all is said and done) and an advertisement for a very dicey restaurant. And throughout this three hour, 12-minute extravaganza, there is unbridled gore, violence, car crashes, rock 'n' roll and insanely hot women. It is wickedly funny, wickedly gross and just plain wicked. Planet Terror is a kit and caboodle of bad taste that runs the gamut from a go-go dancer with a machine-gun filling in for a prosthetic leg (an iconic, salacious turn by Rose McGowan) to a villain who collects the testicles of his enemies. The more refined of the double-feature, Death Proof, sports an ace performance from Kurt Russell, genuine chills and a car chase worthy of the greatest such scenes in movie history (which, in my book, includes The French Connection, Bullitt, Diva and To Live and Die in L.A.).But it's the overall vibe of Grindhouse, its singular experience, that makes it such an irresistible, pulpy buzz. It is celluloid Jägermeister without the boo-face.It is a hot fudge sundae heaped on the bare midriff of a Vegas showgirl.It is a piñata burgeoning with narcotics and condoms.And I can't wait to see it again. Thank you, Quentin and Robert. And thank you, Mitch.
posted by Chase McInerney @ 3:43 PM
15 comments
Friday Random 10
In my baby steps effort to get this once glorious blog back on track (OK, so my definition of "glorious" is a bit flexible), I offer you a return of the Friday Random 10. Today's Random 10 is dedicated to Turtle, who never gave up ...1.
The Arctic Monkeys, "A Certain Romance"2.
Kiss, "Hard Luck Woman"3.
Jonny Lang, "Lies to Me"4.
The Barenaked Ladies, "What a Good Boy"5.
Bobby Charles, "See You Later, Alligator"6.
David Bowie, "Always Crashing in the Same Car"7.
Dianne Reeves, "Too Close for Comfort"8.
Kanye West (and featuring Brandy), "Bring Me Down"9.
Lucinda Williams, "Lake Charles"10. Fountains of Wayne, "All Kinds of Time"
posted by Chase McInerney @ 7:24 AM
7 comments
Wednesday, April 04, 2007
Horsing Around
Speaking as a fan of documentaries, I have a deep appreciation for what has been a sort of renaissance for documentarians. I love documentaries -- their diversity, their adventurousness, the curiosity and fearlessness they exhibit in introducing moviegoers to new worlds and new ways of thinking.Then I came across a recent New York Times story about a new documentary titled Zoo. The flick chronicles the real-life case of Kenneth Pinyan, a 45-year-old Boeing engineer who died after complications arising from sex with a horse. A native of Washington state, Pinyan died of a perforated colon. 'Nuff said. Or would that be Neigh said?Zoo's co-writer, Claude Mudede, told the Times that he and collaborator Robinson Devor looked at the case of Pinyan -- whose Internet handle was "Mr. Hands" -- and his horse-humping friends and resolved to "revive their humanity":"Zoo strives to liberate Mr. Hands from his posthumous fate as tabloid punch line. It allows the friends of the dead man a means for disclosure and dares to find, in their candid accounts of their desires and the hidden worlds where they were fulfilled, something strangely beautiful and even recognizable. “'It was fascinating that there was a community of close friends, that there were basic human interactions happening alongside things that seemed completely alien,' Mr. Mudede said. Zoo minimizes its freak show aspect by emphasizing the coexistence of the mundane and the bizarre ... What emerges here is a sad, even tender portrait of a group of men who met from time to time at a farm, where they would drink slushy cocktails, watch some television and repair to the barn to have sex with horses."An endeavor to "revive their humanity," huh? You don't say. Seriously?Let's not beat around the bush: Pinyan fucked a horse. And if you'll forgive the candidness, the guy died from a perforated colon -- which is to say he didn't merely fuck a horse, he evidently went to the trouble of horseplay foreplay, working Mr. Ed into a libidinous lather for the purpose of then, er, umm ... taking the horse.My contention is this: Yes, there was obviously a humanity to Kenneth Pinyan. He had a family; he had friends; he likely told a good joke and probably donated to Jerry's Kids.But, surely, not everyone's humanity necessarily calls for revival. This was animal abuse, after all (there is no evidence the farm fling was consensual). I have not seen Zoo, I will admit, and so I'm relying on the Times story as an accurate representation of the film. But it strikes me that a movie about horse-diddling that strives for "something strangely beautiful and even recognizable" is missing the filmmakers' own humanity.
posted by Chase McInerney @ 4:19 AM
18 comments
Tuesday, April 03, 2007
The Writing on the Wall
By Conrad SpencerAs a parent, there are certain milestones you look forward to with great anticipation -- your child's first step, first words, starting kindergarten. Few things are as cool as when your child sits down and reads you a Dr. Seuss book. Literacy, however, has its dark side.My son, 6 years old and in first grade, is reading exceptionally well. In fact, he's committed himself to reading 100 books during the month of April. He's already up to 23.Last night my family and I went out to a Chinese restaurant in Shawnee (an old Western Sizzlin' turned King Buffet) because the marquee advertised a new sushi bar. We live 40 miles from the nearest sushi so this is a great development in my life, even if the sushi itself was mediocre at best.In the middle of the meal, my son announced his need to potty. I took him to the facilities. He enters the stall and, while doing his businesses, says "Dad, there are words all over the wall!""Really?""Yeah! 'Hit that...that...puss-ee all night long.' What does that mean?""Nothing. Nothing at all. C'mon, let's wash your hands."It's hysterical, but ...Maybe I'm overly sentimental, or I just read too much. “But while I was sitting down, I saw something that drove me crazy. Somebody'd written ‘Fuck you’ on the wall. It drove me damn near crazy. I thought how Phoebe and all the other little kids would see it, and how they'd wonder what it meant, and then finally some dirty kid would tell them - all cockeyed, naturally, what it meant, and how they'd all think about it and maybe even worry about it for a couple of days. I kept wanting to kill whoever'd written it. **** "I went down by a different staircase, and I saw another 'Fuck you' on the wall. I tried to rub it off with my hand again, but this one was scratched on, with a knife or something. It wouldn't come off. It's hopeless, anyway. If you had a million years to do it in, you couldn't rub out even half the 'Fuck you' signs in the world. It's impossible." --J.D. Salinger
posted by Conrad Spencer @ 10:58 AM
3 comments
Monday, April 02, 2007
One Issue at a Time ...
One problem with elections for federal office -- there's just soo much to remember. Economic policy, defense, trade matters, social issues, special interests, yadda yadda yadda ... it's enough to make one's pointy little head spin.Which is exactly why Republican primary voters can rejoice today. Single-issue demagogue U.S. Rep. Tim Tancredo of Colorado has tossed his xenophobic hat in the presidential sweepstakes for 2008.The Denver Post reports that "Tancredo's candidacy will be focused almost entirely on immigration issues."Just what this country needs, a candidate who can be even more simplistic than the guy already in office.
posted by Chase McInerney @ 11:04 AM
5 comments
Tuesday, March 06, 2007
Designer Vaginas
OK, so perhaps my first blog post in ages shouldn't be about something so, well, unimportant, but it's tough for me to come across a story about the so-called "last frontier" in cosmetic surgery and not make comment.Yes, friends, it's vaginal rejuvenation.The Washington Post reports that the starkly named Laser Vaginal Rejuvenation Institute of Washington (gosh, ladies, how about leaving a little mystery?) is pushing the ... um .. envelope in the cutting-edge field of vaginal aesthetics (on second thought, maybe cutting-edge isn't the right description):"Critics and supporters of vaginal cosmetic surgery say the mainstreaming of graphic images, including pornography, is fueling demand."[Obstetrician-gynecologist Christopher] Warner and [gynecologist David] Matlock say that patients frequently request 'a nice sleek look' similar to images seen in Playboy magazine and on some cable TV channels."Now, I'm no expert on bioethics, but I have grave concerns about the slippery slope of vaginal rejuvenation.
posted by Chase McInerney @ 4:08 PM
19 comments
Friday, March 02, 2007
Friday Random 10
by TurtleSweet jumping Jeebus, I can't believe I got this going. And now that I'm too exhausted to post anything more original or meaningfull, how about an episode of my dearly missed iPod shuffle. C'mon, everybody!1. Ulysses, "Television"2. Mickey Hart, "The Main Ten (Playin' In the band)"3. Super Fury Animals, "Run Christian Run"4. Magazine, "About the Weather"5. Mission of Burma, "Trem Two"6. The Byrds, "5-D (Fifth Dimension)"7. The Tyde, "Crystal Canyons"8. The Poster Children, "Want It"9. Paul Weller, "Bitterness Rising"10. The Buzzcocks, "Everybody's Happy Nowadays"happy Fryday everyone!
posted by turtle @ 4:30 PM
4 comments
Tuesday, February 27, 2007
Note To "Crunchy Cons": Slap Down Those Rotten Republicans
By Cassandra DYou know, the radical Republicans and right wing media (= mainstream media, thank you very much) make me really sick.Here they go with a smear of Al Gore.What kind of freaks choke down such bilious spewage? What do they have against planet Earth? Do you think we could persuade them to leave?
posted by Cassandra D @ 3:58 PM
4 comments
Time To Scare Up the Energy To Get Scared Again
By Cassandra DYou know, I think I can't whip up the energy to worry about this very real threat:"...one of the nation's foremost experts on the subject of Osama bin Laden says that al Qaeda is "going to detonate a nuclear device inside the United States." If that doesn't scare you, you are no longer scareable."It's not that I doubt the credibility of this latest report. In fact, it seems more real than the almost certainly politically-inspired threat warnings of the past six years.It's just that I don't know what else to do. If the powers that be won't listen to Frank Rich and Keith Olbermann and don't respond to my paltry emails, what else can I do? Besides post on a blog?And our government is an utter failure at everything it touches. I have no faith that even if we put our minds to it, we could do anything right.Even that bright shining light of success, NASA, has been sullied. The myth of American excellence is dead.Or maybe I'm just overly pessimistic today.So there you have it. I've posted my blog post on the subject and that's all I can do.
posted by Cassandra D @ 10:28 AM
5 comments
Contributors
turtle
Conrad Spencer
Daniel Gale-Grogen
Chase McInerney
Larry Mondello
Dash Riprock
Cassandra D
turtle
Previous Posts
Thanks for the Memories ...
How Long Can a Person Hang Upside-down Before Thei...
Friday Random 10
Ho, Ho, Ho
Friday Random 10
Grindhouse Memories
Kurt Vonnegut, R.I.P.
Return of the Grindhouse
Friday Random 10
Horsing Around
Archives
November 2004
December 2004
January 2005
February 2005
March 2005
April 2005
May 2005
June 2005
July 2005
August 2005
September 2005
October 2005
November 2005
December 2005
January 2006
February 2006
March 2006
April 2006
May 2006
June 2006
July 2006
August 2006
September 2006
October 2006
November 2006
December 2006
January 2007
February 2007
March 2007
April 2007
June 2007
Newspapers and Stuff Like That
Air America Radio
The Baltimore Sun
BBC World Service
The Boston Globe
BuzzFlash
The Chicago Sun-Times
The Christian Science Monitor
The Cleveland Plain Dealer
C-SPAN
The Dallas Morning News
The Detroit Free Press
Drudge Retort
Fark
The Guardian
The Houston Chronicle
The Los Angeles Times
The Miami Herald
News Fly
The New York Daily News
The New York Post
The New York Times
The Philadelphia Inquirer
Reuters
St. Petersburg Times
San Jose Mercury News
USA Today
The Washington Post
World Sex News Daily
Magazines and Stuff Like That
The American Prospect
Capitol Hill Blue
DCist
Flak Magazine
Gothamist
Grist Magazine
The Hill
The Morning News
Mother Jones
The Motley Fool
The Nation
The National Review
The New Republic
New Scientist
Newsweek
The New Yorker
New York Metro Magazine
Pop Politics
The Progressive
Radar
Rolling Stone
Salon
The Smoking Gun
Slate
The Texas Observer
Utne
Vanity Fair
Washington Monthly
The Weekly Standard
Weeklies and Stuff Like That
Alternet
AltWeeklies.com
L.A.Weekly
The New York Observer
The Phoenix New Times
The Stranger
The Village Voice
Politics and Stuff Like That
100 Monkeys Typing
ABC's The Note
Adbusters
Agitprop
The Agonist
Alas (a Blog)
The All Spin Zone
Altercation
AMERICAblog
American Progress Action Fund
The American Street
Amy's Robot
Andrew Sullivan
Angry Bear
Atrios
Attytood
Baghdad Burning
Balloon Juice
Bark Bark Woof Woof
Bartcop
Big Brass Blog
Blog of the Moderate Left
BlondeSense
Brad DeLong's Semi-Daily Journal
TheBrandNewBag.com
BTC News
Busy, Busy, Busy
BuzzMachine
Canadian Perspective
The Carpetbagger Report
Church of the Bad News
The Copeland Institute for Lower Learning
Crooked Timber
Crooks and Liars
Cursor
The Daily Kos
The Daou Report
Davenetics
Dean's World
defective yeti
Demagogue
Direland
Dirty Tricks
The Disgruntled Chemist
Dredge Report
Empire Burlesque
Fables of the reconstruction
firedoglake
Glenn Greenwald
Hard-Boiled Dreams of the World
Heretical Ideas
Hit & Run
Hoffmania
How Appealing
The Huffington Post
Hullabaloo
I'm Just Sayin'
Informed Consent
Instapundit
Is That Legal?
James Wolcott
Jesus' General
Joho the Blog
Just Ain't Right
King of Zembia
Kung Fu Monkey
Lance Mannion
Lawyers, Guns and Money
Legal Fiction
The Left Coaster
Left of Centrist
Lileks
Limbo
The Liquid List
Low Culture
Making Light
Margaret Cho
Manifest Density
Mark Kleiman
media girl
Memorandum
Michelle Malkin
The Moderate Voice
My DD
Neil Shakespeare
NeoMugwump
New Donkey
News Dissector
NewsHog
Night Light
Nobody's Business
No More Mister Nice Blog
Obsidian Wings
One Hand Clapping
On Lisa Rein's Radar
Orcinus
Outside the Beltway
Pam's House Blend
pandagon
Pinko Feminist Hellcat
The Plank
PSotD-
Raw Story
RealClearPolitics
The Road to Surfdom
Robot Invasion
Roger Ailes
Rook's Rant
The Rude Pundit
Sadly, No!
Scooby Davis Online
SCOTUSblog
Seeing the Forest
Shakespeare's Sister
The Sideshow
skimble
Skippy the Bush Kangaroo
Slacktivist
Sleepy Kid
SourceWatch
The Stakeholder
Suburban Guerrilla
Taegan Goddard's Political Wire
The Talent Show
The Talking Dog
Talk Left
Talking Points Memo by Josh Marshall
Tbogg
Terry Michael.Net
This Modern World
TPMCafe
TPM Muckraker
Tom Paine
Tom Watson
T.Rex's Guide to Life
The Truth Laid Bear
Truthout
uggabugga
Unscrewing the Inscrutable
Upon Further Review
Wampum
Whiskey Bar
Wizbang
Wonkette
World O'Crap
Yellow Dog Blog
Pop Culture and Stuff Like That
About Last Night
All Night Surfing
Allure
Beatnik Pad
Bedazzled!
Blackmail Is My Life
The Black Table
BlogNYC
The Blog of Death
Celebrity Smack!
cityrag
Culture Drift
CulturePulp: Writings and Comics by M.E.Russell
Defamer
Dlisted
Don't Link This
Do You Feel Loved?
The Drunk Report
Egotastic!
Famed Trash
Fametracker
Fimoculous
fubar
fuseblog
Gallery of the Absurd
Gawker
Geek U.S.A.
Go Fug Yourself
Good Plastic Surgery
gossiplist
I Don't Like You in That Way
Jossip
just jared
Milk and Cookies
Overeducated and Underemployed
panopticist
PCL LinkDump
PerezHilton.com
Pink Is te New Blog
popbytes
Pop Candy
Pop Culture Gadebout
Pop Culture Junkies
Popdex
Poplicks
Popoholic
PopSugar
Radosh.net
retroCRUSH
Rude Cactus
Save Manny!
The Shock Treatment
skeet on mischa
SF Gate: Culture Blog
Splendora Blog
Staticblog
Sunset Gum
The Superficial
Surviving Grady
Thighs Wide Shut
TMZ
The Vancouverite
VoxEfx
whatevs (dot org)
Wil Wheaton
Zapo2It
ZuDfunck
Life and Stuff Like That
Anonymous Lawyer
The Art of Getting By
Baseball Crank
Blogbah!!!
Boing Boing
The Cartoonist
Diary Quotes
The Factory Floor
Fleshbot
The Fountain Pen
Galactically Stupid
Geek Philosophy
Gizmodo
grow a brain
A Hamburger Today
happyscrappy
The Hot Librarian
In Search of Utopia
The J-Walk Blog
kottke
Medpundit
memepool
Metafilter
Mike Gerber
A New York Escorts Confessions
Obsolete Vernaculat
Plep
Screenhead
The Sheila Variations
Shitty Blogs
Something Awful
Steve Goddard's History Wire
Waiter Rant
Wrapped Up Like a Douche
You Would Cry Too If This Happened to You
Oklahoma Bloggers and Stuff Like That
3:40 a.m.
Agent Bedhead
An Audience of One
The Blue Dot Blog
blue oklahoma
The Daily Bitch
dustbury
Existential Ramble
Feeling Is Mutual
Fits & Starts
The Incurable Insomniac
Left End of the Dial
l'esprit d'escalier
Life and Deatherage
Lip Schtick
The Lost Ogle
Mainstream Baptist
Mid/West
Notes on My Life
Okiedoke
Okie Funk
Oklahoma Media Watch
Oklahomily
Oklarama
Ontogeny
Play One on TV
Posts from the Edge
The Practical Progressive
Rule, Brittaniea!
Sean Gleeson
Shared Sacrifice
A Shrewdness of Apes
Sister Scorpion
Stufffff
This Is Class Warfare
Token Liberal
T Town Tommy
Two-Headed Blog
Welcome to Pantsylvania
Movies and Stuff Like That
Ain't it Cool News
Bitter Cinema
Blogcritics
Bright Lights Film Journal
the chutry experiment
Cineblog
Cinecultist
Cinemarati
Cinematical
Complications Ensue
Critical Culture
Dark Horizons
Dave Kehr
Director's Log
Drew's Blog-o-Rama
Drew's Script-o-Rama
DVD Talk
Edward Copeland on Film
Film Experience Blog
Film Fatale
Filmmaker Magazine Blog
A Fistful of Soundtracks
Flickhead
A Girl and a Gun
Green Cine Daily
The House Next Door
The IFC Blog
Images
indieWIRE
Internet Movie Database
In the Balcony
John August
Like Anna Karina's Sweater
Looker
Metacritic
Metaphilm
Milk Plus
The Movie Blog
Movie Boy
Movie City News
Moviehole
Movie Martyr
Movie Review Query Engine
The Onion AV Club
Out of Focus
Pullquote
Reel Classics
Reel Fanatic
ReelViews: James Berardinelli's Movie Reviews
RiskyBiz
The Rocchi Report
Rotten Tomatoes
Scribbles and Ramblings
Senses of Cinema
Sergio Leone and the Infield Fly Rule
Turner Classic Movies
Music and Stuff Like That
Copy, Right?
Drowned in Sound
Fluxblog
The Hype Machine
Insound
Jason Hare
Jews Rock
The Modern Age
Bob Mould(Boblog)
Music (for Robots)
Nude As the News
Pandora
Pitchfork
Productshop NYC
Pure Volume
RecordBrother
Rhapsody Radish
Said the Gramophone
Stereogum
Journalism and Stuff Like That
The Comics Curmudgeon
Cyber Journalist
The Daily Howler
Editor & Publisher
First Draft
I Want Media
Media Matters
News Hounds
Online Journalism Review
PressThink
Regret the Error
Romenesko
Books and Stuff Like That
Bookslut
Galley Cat
Grammar.Police
Maud Newton
Old Hag
TV and Stuff Like That
Lost Remote
ManiaTV
Television Without Pity
TVgasm
Humor and Stuff Like That
American Idle
Ann Telnaes
The Banterist
Best Week Ever
The Borowitz Report
Dave Barry
The Colbert Nation
Humor Feed
Mark Fiore
Girls Are Pretty
Howard Stern
Landover Baptist Church
McSweeney's
National Lampoon
The Onion
Opinions You Should Have
Overheard at the Office
Overheard in New York
Patton Oswalt
Sporting Press
Stuff on My Cat
The Swift Report
Welcome to the White House.org
Oklahoma and Stuff Like That
Blog Oklahoma
NewsOK
OKC Talk
The Oklahoma Gazette
Oklahoma Rock
Oklahoma Wine News
Sooner Thought
The Tulsa World
Urban Tulsa Weekly
Chase Spouts Off
Alito More Love
Blame and Responsibility
Boom Sooner
Diagnosing the Democrats
Doctor Tom Strikes Again
Gitmo Fun
In Defense of Newsweek
Iraq: Our Responsibility Back Home
Islam 'n' Us
It's the Warrants, Stupid (Cassandra)
Just Say No Sex
Killing the Messenger
The Liberal Activist Judges Must Go (Conrad)
Looney Tunes: "Death to Everyone!"
The Mother of all P.R. Battles
Not Necessarily the News
On the Record, Not for Attribution
See No Evil
Schindler's List of Helpers
Social Insecurity Complex
Stem Cell Riot
Straw Man Collapse
Subpar Partisanship
"Thank You, Sir -- May I Have Another?" (Greg)
That's Our Dick!
Tortuous Logic of Tort Reform
Tracing Blame
Truth or Consequences
Torturers R Us (Cassandra)
War on Drugs with Warring Druggists
ZooCreation
Chase Goes to the Movies
"The Aviator"
"Batman Begins"
"Be Cool"
Best Documentaries of 2004
Best Documentaries of 2005
Best Films of 2004
Best Films of 2005
Best Remakes
Capote
"Cinderella Man": No Glass Slipper
"Closer"
"Dark Water"
"Downfall" &"Gunner Palace"
"Elizabethtown"
"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind"
"Flightplan"
"Good Night, and Good Luck"
Hollywood Hubris
If I Ran the Oscars 2005
"In Good Company"
"In Her Shoes"
"The Interpreter"
"Into the Blue"
"Kinsey"
The Longest Homophobe
More on "Kinsey": Who Is Judith Reisman?
"The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou"
Lights, Play Ball, Action!
The Longest Homophobe
"Maria Full of Grace"
"Melinda and Melinda"
"Million Dollar Baby"
"Mr. and Mrs. Smith"
Movie Mulligans
"Munich" and the Sin of Ambivalence
The Non-Summer Summer Movies
Osama bin Martian?
Overlooked Films of the 1990s
"The Ring Two" & "The Jacket"
"Robots"
"Sahara" & "Fever Pitch"
Scary Movies
"Sin City"
"Spanglish"
"Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith"
Stop the Presses! Another Movie List!
"The Upside of Anger"
"Vera Drake" & "The Assassination of Richard Nixon"
"A Very Long Engagement" & "Hotel Rwanda"
Wanting Less of Michael Moore
"War of the Worlds"
"The Woodsman"
Chase's Reel Short Reviews
Take 1
Take 2
Take 3
Take 4
Take 5
Take 6
Take 7
Take 8
Take 9
Take 10
Take 11
Take 12
Take 13
Take 14
Take 15
Chase Spins the Hits
Best CDs of 2004
Best CDs of 2005
Chase Spins More of the Beatles
A Friend Posits His Top 10 Beatles Songs
In the CD Changer
Long Live Rock
Looney Tunes
Meet the Beatles
Q: Are We Not Prophets? A: We Are ...
Sound Bites, Vol. 1 (Dash)
Chase Gets His Freak On
Apology to Heather (Conrad)
The Bitch Is Back, Not
Cartoon Sex
Cashing in on the Family Tree
Crime Sprees for Tourists
Get Back, Honkie Cat
Make Mine a Cheeseburger
Ladies of "SNL"
Remembering "Little Poison"
Chase Gets Up Close and Personal
9:02 a.m. Wednesday, April 19, 1995
About My Brother
And Baby Makes Three
Babes on Film
Babies Don't Break
Happy Birthday (All Cynics Avert Your Eyes)
A Quick Note While He's Away
Smiles for Boobies (A Baby's Tale)
Chase Worships His Heroes
Defending Jon Stewart
Fearless Freaks
Giamatti Wuz Robbed!
Chase Home for the Holidays
Bad Santa
Christmas Odds and Ends
Don't Leave the Christ out of Crass Consumerism
Giving Thanks
Mein Kringle
Rockin' Around the Holiday Tree
Surly Gets Surly
Jane, You Ignorant Slut
Shock and Y'awl
Blogarama
Best Overall Blog
2005 Okie Blog Awards
Who Links Here
Blogroll Me!
The Chase Hall of Fame
Okie Blogger Round-up 2006
Contact
chase_mcinerney@yahoo.com