https://www.chastity-femdom.blogspot.com
Robert_ Anthony's Erotic Fiction Blog
Pages
Home
Friday, 31 July 2015
New blog and links to vids etc...
ROBERT ANTHONY'S CHASTITY & FEMDOM BLOG
http://chastityfemdom.fetblogger.com/
ROBERT ANTHONY'S CAPTION BLOG
http://chastity-femdom-cuckold.blogspot.com
MISTRESS R's GALLERY
http://chastityfemdom.fetblogger.com/mistress-r-gallery/
WEBTEASE MENU
http://chastityfemdom.fetblogger.com/category/milovana-webteases/
VIDEO MENU (Cuckold / Ruined Orgasm / BBC / Sissy / Other)
http://chastityfemdom.fetblogger.com/category/videos/
FEMDOM SESSION REPORTS
http://chastityfemdom.fetblogger.com/category/femdom-session/
CLICK ON THE LINKS TO VISIT THE PAGES...
Posted by
Robert_Anthony
at
21:44
2 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Stories by Robert Anthony
2015 - Girls Talk
2015 - Frustration
2015 - Punishing Scott's Balls
2014 - Once a Month - Part Two
2014 - Strap-On Submission
2014 - Daniel Strokes for his Mistress
2013 - Katherine's New Game
2012 - Unfinished Femdom Cave Book - Part One
2012 - Unfinished Femdom Cave Book - Part Two
2012 - Unfinished Femdom Cave Book - Part Three
2012 - Unfinished Femdom Cave Book - Part Four
2011 - A New Approach to an Old Problem
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH1
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH2
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH3
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH4
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH5
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH6
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH7
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH8
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH9
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH10
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH11
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH12
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH13
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH14
2011 - Everything Has a Price - CH15
2011 - Oliver Accepts His Place
2011 - Once a Month
2011 - The Conversation
2011 - The Next Step
2011 - Thirty Seven Days
2010 - A Game of Tease and Denial
2010 - A Game with Dice
2010 - More Fun with Dice
2010 - Out of Your Hands - CH1
2010 - Out of Your Hands - CH2
2010 - Out of Your Hands - CH3
2010 - The Longest Week
2010 - The Twelfth Day
2009 - By Invitation
2009 - Option 'A' or 'B'
2008 - Submission Time Again
2008 - The Anniversary
2006 - Owned! - CH1
2006 - Owned! - CH2
2006 - Owned! - CH3
2006 - Owned! - CH4
2006 - Owned! - CH5
2006 - Owned! - CH6
2006 - Owned! - CH7
2006 - Owned! - CH8
2003 - You'll Get Your Reward
2003 - Your Choice
1999 - Domination at Home
1999 - Mistress Claudia's Cumslut
Visit my 'Robert_Anthony' Literotica page
Visit my original 'Malibuman666' Literotica page
CLICK HERE to view links to some of my favourite stories by other authors on LITEROTICA
Posted by
Robert_Anthony
at
21:44
No comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Erotic Fiction
GIRLS TALK (Written July 2015)
“I don’t understand what she sees in him,” said Michael, already feeling depressed at the thought of spending an evening with his arch nemesis, Nick.
“I know Michael. But…. she’s been my best friend forever and as long as she’s happy, then… what can we do?”
Michael let out a long sigh, they were nearly at Jenny and Nick’s house now, at least they would be out of the damned car soon.
“It seems a lot further than ninety miles,” he whined, to nobody in particular.
“Tell me about it,” thought Sarah.
“It won’t seem so bad tomorrow, when we’re on our way home. I do appreciate you coming, I know Nick is… hard work.”
Michael sighed again, Jenny was a nice girl and he had no problem spending time with her. But Nick…
“She could do so much better though, he’s such an arrogant sod, especially when he’s had a drink.”
Michael turned the car down the drive that led to Nick and Jenny’s country house, or ‘Little Chatsworth’ as Michael sometimes referred to it.
“I know,” agreed Sarah. “I can’t imagine what she sees in him…”
The car pulled to a halt as they reached the end of the drive, right between Nick’s jet black, de-chromed 6 Series BMW and Jenny’s blindingly white Range Rover Evoque.“…a huge house, a huge car and a huge cock…” continued Sarah, almost (but not quite) under her breath.
“Uhh?” said Michael.
Sarah looked at him, slightly flustered for a second, then regained her composure and calmly repeated what she had said.
They stared at each other for a second and then Sarah got out of the car.
“Shit, I forgot about this bloody gravel, I should have worn some cheaper shoes!” she bristled.
By the time Michael had exited his Ford, his wife was half way to the front door. He walked briskly to catch up, his feet crunching away behind her.
“Seriously?” he whispered.
Sarah nodded, glancing down at the slight bulge in her own husband’s pants.
“How do you know that?” he continued.
“Girls talk…” she whispered as the front door swung open to reveal Jenny and Nick standing there smiling warmly at them.
Sarah’s timing could not have been more perfect, now as Michael walked across the threshold and wandered into the couple’s large entrance hall he couldn’t help but wonder a) if it was true, and b) what Sarah might have told Jenny in return. After all, their own sex life was far from vanilla these days.
Michael followed the others into the lounge, which was predictably oversized. He looked at Sarah and then accepted a glass of wine from Nick, who was already reinforcing everything Michael thought about him, playing his role as Lord of the Manor and asking Michael if he wanted to have a look at his new 6 Series, complete with electrical everything?
Michael winced inwardly but put a brave face on it. He wondered if Nick actually realised he didn’t like him, but all the evidence pointed to the fact that he simply didn’t entertain that as a possibility, after all, he was loaded and the life and soul of the party, how could anyone fail to be charmed?
“Maybe later,” said Michael.
As Nick pressed him for MPG figures on his own car, Michael all but glazed over. He took a long slug of wine and then smiled in all the right places because he knew it would earn him serious brownie points with Sarah, and that was all Michael really cared about.
Michael and Sarah had been married for a few years now, well, more like ten… and over the last few years their relationship had changed fairly dramatically, and definitely for the better. Michael had always loved her, but as he had gradually opened himself up to his submissive cravings, he had fallen deeper and deeper under her spell, to the point now that he hated to be apart from her. He’d never been one for going out with the lads anyway, and Nick’s boorish behaviour certainly didn’t make him question that particular choice in life, though he knew not everyone was as tiresome to be around.
Before long the crunching gravel announced the arrival of their taxi and they all piled in, more than ready for a nice meal at a local restaurant. Jenny had booked their usual table and the food was excellent, the only problem of course was that while Jenny and Sarah caught up on all the news, Michael had to make endless conversation with Nick. They really couldn’t have been more different, and Michael dearly wished he could have spent the night alone with Sarah and Jenny, but no… he had to suffer Nick’s ever more drunken, macho bullshit. At one point Nick said something borderline offensive to him and Michael seriously considered calling him out on it, but in the end he just nodded and looked away, shaking his head slightly as he wondered what a nice girl like Jenny was doing wasting her life with this tool.
The foursome returned home and continued drinking, all except Michael who had never really taken to the stuff and didn’t much care for the way it made ‘some people’ act. Jenny was a good host and always made sure she had plenty of Michael’s favourite juice in the fridge, since she knew he probably wouldn’t drink more than a few glasses of wine.
Time ticked on and it was nearly 1:30am. Jenny and Sarah were still chatting away quietly, mildly tipsy on wine but still well within their limits, while Nick (of course) had all but passed out on the huge sofa next to his wife. God alone knew how many units of alcohol he had consumed during the evening, but the drinks bill at the restaurant had been quite alarming. At least Nick had the decency to stump up his fair share of the bill, but then flashing the cash was never an issue for Nick.
Michael, meanwhile, was miles away, daydreaming about Sarah’s gorgeous pussy and how much he wanted to be allowed to lick it and make her cum. He rarely thought about fucking his wife anymore, since it was hardly ever an option now. At first he had missed it, and felt strange about giving up control to her to the point that she decided whether he was allowed inside her, but then he got used to the idea that giving her pleasure and making her cum didn’t necessarily require the use of his cock. Once he had accepted that fact and realised just how much she loved having him between her thighs, his tongue pressed against her clit as she came, he relaxed and let go of that particular aspect of the burden of being what Nick might call ‘a real man’.
He glanced over at Jenny, wondering again what she knew. She had kicked her shoes off now and Michael noticed how pretty her feet were. He felt his cock stiffen slightly as he looked away, afraid of being caught looking at his wife’s friend’s pretty feet. He waited a short while then looked again. Jenny was far too caught up in her conversation to notice, and Sarah couldn’t possibly see him looking from her place by his side.
Michael’s cock hardened still more until he felt the walls of his chastity device getting tighter. He looked away again. He’d never really looked at Jenny this way before, and it felt a little odd. He had known her for a good while but he had always just thought of her as Sarah’s friend, never really as an attractive woman in her own right.
He suddenly felt slightly uncomfortable and he shifted in his seat a little. After a few moments he turned to look at Sarah, and it was only then he noticed that she was wearing his key around her neck.
He felt an ominous sensation wash over him, how had he not seen that before? Had she been wearing it all night? It was possible… after all they had sat side by side in the restaurant so he probably wouldn’t have seen it. Shit, now he was sure that Jenny must know. She must know… mustn’t she?
Michael’s cock felt harder still, the thought of another rather beautiful woman knowing about his chastity device making him feel both humiliated and strangely excited. He turned away again, his thoughts churning as he wondered if she knew, and if she did had she told that moron husband of hers. That would be too much…
“Michael…”
Michael looked round at his wife, his thoughts still miles away.
“Michael, can you take my shoes off for me please.”
He looked down at his wife’s expensive high heeled shoes. His mouth felt suddenly dry and he took a sip of juice. He looked over at Jenny then back to Sarah.
“Is there a problem?” asked Sarah, a slightly dominant edge entering her tone.
“Err….no, sorry.”
He looked back at Jenny, she had a glint in her eye for sure, she must know something. Michael placed his glass on the edge of a nearby table and then slid off the sofa onto his knees, something he’d done many times in the privacy of his own home, but never in company. He unfastened the buckles and slid each shoe off in turn, pausing for just a second to admire his wife’s beautiful feet.
As much as he loved the look of her feet in sexy high heels, he really objected to the marks they left on her skin when he removed them. It was akin to vandalism in his mind, something so beautiful, tarnished, albeit temporarily. He started to gather up the pair of shoes and made to stand up but Sarah put her hand on his shoulder and said… “They are quite sore, would you mind just rubbing them for me for a while?”
Michael looked up at her but she had already turned her attention back to Jenny, not bothering to wait for a response from her submissive. He shuffled on his knees a little, feeling more than a little self-conscious. He was only thankful that Jenny’s oaf of a husband was asleep, he couldn’t bear the thought of him seeing him like this. He glanced over at Nick’s sleeping form to reassure himself and then began rubbing his wife’s feet as she had requested.
Michael adored Sarah’s feet, he loved to kiss them and suck her pretty toes. He loved every part of her body of course, but somehow her feet were just that bit more special to him. He felt that if it were up to him (which of course it wasn’t), most often he would choose to cum on her feet rather than any other part of her body. As a submissive male he felt that it was the most appropriate place for his cum, and the thought of being allowed to lick his mess from her feet and toes made his cock ache in its metal prison.
He spent probably the next ten minutes on his knees massaging Sarah’s feet and was feeling deeply submissive when Sarah next spoke to him.
“Do you want to kiss them?” she asked.
Michael looked up, then looked at Jenny, then back at his wife. He couldn’t bring himself to reply.
“It’s okay if you do, Jenny won’t mind, will you Jenny?”
Jenny shook her head softly, her eyes sparkling with arousal.
“You don’t have to, but I know how much you like it… and Jenny wants to see if you’ll really do it.”
Michael noticed how rapid his breathing had become and tried to calm himself down.“I…”
Michael was struggling to come to terms with the situation, even though his cock was pushing hard against the bars of its cage. After a few more seconds he simply bent his head and lifted her feet up so that he could start to worship them as he done so many times before.
Feeling his lips brushing against her feet comforted him somehow, though he was still very concerned about the possibility of Nick waking up and seeing him emasculating himself in front of his wife and her friend. He continued for some time, deep in sub space, while above him the atmosphere in the room was changing.
While Michael diligently worshipped his wife’s feet, Jenny watched on in awe. Seeing Michael prostrate before his wife and lavishing her with such submissive attention was turning her on quite a bit more than she had anticipated and her hand soon moved into Nick’s lap rubbing his cock through his trousers as he remained slumped back on the sofa.
The conversation slowed to a halt, until finally Michael heard a faint gasp escape his wife’s lips. He paused for a moment and looked up to see her staring intently at her friend and then briefly looked around himself.
He had a restricted view from the floor, but it was obvious that Jenny had undone Nick’s pants and pulled out his impressive cock. He was seemingly still asleep, but his cock was hardening quickly and Jenny stroked it firmly, feeling it thicken in her hands and licking her lips, eager to take the swollen head into her mouth.
Michael’s own cock pulsed inside its prison as he watched intently, quite taken aback by the size of Nick’s cock and Jenny’s willingness to force it between her lips. He felt Sarah’s foot twitch and returned to the task at hand, his mind struggling to concentrate, particularly now as he could hear Jenny noisily sucking on her husband’s thick stalk.
So Sarah had been right, Nick did have a big cock… maybe that went some way to explaining his shitty attitude?
After a short while he glanced up at his wife and saw that she had hiked her thin cotton dress up and her hand was inside her panties, clearly masturbating as she watched her best friend struggling with Nick’s impressive cock. Michael’s mind was swimming, what the fuck was happening here tonight? They’d visited Jenny and Nick several times before and there had never even been the slightest hint of sexual tension and now suddenly everything had changed…
Michael watched his wife masturbating, he absolutely loved to see her touch herself and wished she would let him watch her more often. But Sarah’s attention was fully focussed on Nick’s huge cock and for a moment he couldn’t help but feel somewhat inadequate.He glanced over again to see Jenny pumping Nick’s cock hard and fast as she sucked and licked the head, clearly trying to suck him dry before he revived. Then Nick was cumming, his hips pushing upwards as he exploded into her hot, wet mouth. She drained every drop from his cock, then carefully licked it clean before pushing it back inside his pants and zipping it up again. Within seconds he was snoring quietly, if he had actually been awake during the impromptu blow job he was dead to the world again now.
Michael was suddenly aware of Jenny getting up off her sofa and moving closer, he looked up and saw her standing next to him, with one hand on Sarah’s bare thigh.
“Do it,” breathed Sarah as she continued to rub herself relentlessly. “Just like we said…”
Jenny looked Michael in the eye and slowly opened her mouth, as she did so her tongue extended forth and Nick’s warm cum dripped lasciviously down Sarah’s smooth, silky leg, stopping just above her ankle.
Michael gulped hard, and looked at his wife who was now furiously stroking her clit.“Lick it up…” she said. “Lick it up for me… show me what a good slave you can be.”
Jenny reached out and gently placed her hand on the back of Michael’s head, pushing it slowly forward until he could clearly smell the unmistakeable scent of warm, fresh cum.He had licked up his own cum plenty of times before of course, but this was very different.He looked at the creamy mess before him and then up again at his wife.
“I want you to lick it up and swallow it, while I make myself cum,” she said. “You’ve fantasized about it for years haven’t you? Well… now’s your chance to find out what it’s really like. Go on, look at it, I know you want it, deep down…”
Michael felt a fresh flush of heat rush to his cheeks. How had this got so out of hand so quickly?
It was all true, of course. But this was so unexpected, so sudden… and he never expected this to happen for real, and certainly not in front of Jenny.
He looked again at the creamy mess coating his wife’s sexy leg. Jenny once again applied a little pressure to his head and this time he gave in and let her push him nearer.
“That’s it, lick all that sweet cum up for me…” Sarah hissed as she rubbed her pussy harder and faster. Her words became muffled as Jenny kissed her on the lips, their tongues combining, the taste of Nick’s cum passing between them and pushing Sarah closer to orgasm.
Michael slowly extended his tongue, his cock feeling extremely confined within the device now, and tasted his first drop of another man’s cum. He tried to put out of his mind that it was Nick’s cum, but he knew his wife was probably getting off on that added facet of humiliation.
In truth, it tasted pretty much like his own and once he’d started he realised it wasn’t as bad as he had feared. Of course, the fact that he himself had not cum and remained almost painfully aroused helped enormously, he would later remember this moment and wonder how different it might have been had his own balls already been drained.
He slid his tongue along his wife’s silky smooth legs, cleaning her and swallowing each mouthful, only wishing that Jenny had spat it onto his wife’s perfect feet. Her perfect, beautiful feet.
Shamefully his cock was fit to burst by the time he reached her ankle, and he wondered if this was to be the first time he might cum while wearing his chastity device. He knew Sarah would not be happy if that happened and that any treats he might have just earned himself would quickly disappear.
Thankfully he managed to keep himself under control, although the front of his trousers was damp with pre-cum that had leaked from his desperate cock… and as he licked up the last few drops of Nick’s cum and Jenny’s saliva, Sarah pushed herself over the edge and came harder and louder than he could ever remember. Amazingly Nick managed to sleep right through it and once Sarah had calmed down and caught her breath, the night seemed to come to an abrupt end.
Jenny woke Nick and helped him off to bed, while Sarah and Michael made their way to the downstairs guest bedroom at the back of the house. Suddenly they both felt very tired and fell into bed, cuddling each other, while Sarah softly squeezed Michael’s aching balls.
“So what else does she know?” asked Michael, his eyes closed and sleep rapidly approaching.
“We’ll talk about that in the morning. “
Sarah kissed him firmly on the lips, her tongue darting against his.
“Thank you darling, I really do love you more than ever and I’m so proud of you for obeying me tonight.”
Michael smiled as Sarah kissed him one more time and then turned over to go to sleep.Sarah slept wonderfully. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Michael found himself awake many times throughout the night.
+ + +
The early morning sunlight barely penetrated the thick curtains of the guest bedroom, but when Sarah and Michael awoke they were instantly aware of a noise coming from the room above. A constant rhythmic creaking, accompanied by the sounds of intense fucking from the mouths of the two participants.
Sarah moved over and cuddled up to her husband, cupping his balls in her right hand.
“Do you miss being able to fuck me whenever you want?” she asked.
“Yes…. of course I do,” he whispered.
“Good, I love that you miss it… but you like it better this way don’t you? I know I do… I don’t know if I would be happy going back to you taking me for granted the way you used to.”
Michael sighed, it was true he had definitely taken his eye off the ball at one point, and being Sarah’s chastity slave had certainly corrected that.
“Yes Mistress, I know it’s better this way… it’s just hard sometimes.”
“I know slave, I know. But when you finally get my permission to cum, isn’t it a million times better than it used to be?”
“Yes Mistress…”
The noise from above reached a peak and they heard Nick grunt loudly as he flooded Jenny’s pussy with cum.
Sarah and Michael chuckled to themselves as they heard the bed creak and Nick start the en-suite shower. He had to work today… which pleased Michael no end, at least he wouldn’t have to deal with his macho bullshit and by the time Nick got home he and Sarah would be long gone.
“Would you like me to lick your pussy Mistress?” asked Michael eagerly.
“Not at the moment, thank you.”
“Oh, okay…” Despite his best efforts, Michael’s face couldn’t hide his disappointment.
Tempted as Sarah was, she knew that any second now there would be a knock on the door, and sure enough seconds later Jenny was closing the door behind her and walking towards the bed. Michael instinctively pulled the sheet around himself, suddenly very conscious of the fact that his cock was encased in a steel cage.
Sarah sat up straight and allowed the sheet to fall away, revealing her naked breasts (and the key between them) to her friend.
“Sounds like someone was enjoying themselves up there,” she said, raising her eyebrows.
Jenny giggled and pulled her robe aside to reveal her pale blue panties. The crotch was soaked and she was clearly leaking Nick’s cum heavily.
“Did you cum?” asked Sarah.
“Not this time, but I was close…”
Michael allowed himself a wry smile at that, he may not have a big cock but he never left his wife unsatisfied.
Sarah pushed the sheets back and Jenny slid into the bed next to her. It was a huge bed and there was plenty of room for all three of them. Michael was getting nervous, but at the same time his cock was getting hard, very quickly.
“Why don’t you let Michael finish you off with his tongue, he adores it…”
The two women turned to look at Michael.
“You wouldn’t mind licking Jenny’s pussy would you Michael… for me?”
Michael stopped breathing for a second and then took a huge gulp of air. His cock was painfully hard inside the metal restraint. He hadn’t tasted another woman’s pussy for so long, and then he remembered what they had just heard upstairs…
“Please Michael,” asked Jenny sweetly. “Nick hardly ever eats my pussy and Sarah says you are amazing at it.”
Michael’s face flushed with embarrassment, but his cock throbbed faster and harder than before. The thought of not just licking Jenny’s pussy, but licking her cum filled pussy clean made him feel slightly dizzy, how could this be happening… was this some sort of test or something?
“I promise if you make her cum for me,” said Sarah. “Then we will do something really nice for you, something you will never forget.”
Michael gazed into his wife’s eyes and felt reassured that this was at least genuine. He also knew deep down that resistance was futile, Sarah could talk him into pretty much anything she wanted. Besides, Jenny was a beautiful girl, why wouldn’t he want to lick her pussy… even if it was full of another man’s cum.
“And you wouldn’t want to displease me, would you slave?”
The word ‘slave’ made him feel at once submissive and also slightly unnerved, it was the first time Sarah had ever addressed him as such in front of another person and it was strange knowing that someone outside of their secret world was now aware of his standing in the relationship.
“No Mistress, not at all,” he said sincerely.
Sarah smiled warmly, motioning for him to move over and get between Jenny’s legs. He was slightly hesitant as he wondered how he could possibly hide his chastity device any longer, but then he was distracted by the sight of Sarah moving closer to Jenny and kissing her firmly on the lips.
He crawled carefully across the bed and positioned himself between Jenny’s ankles, looking down at the two women. Sarah slowly pushed Jenny’s robe open to reveal her panties again and then broke the kiss and turned to face her husband.
“Take them off for her slave.”
Michael inched forward and carefully slid Jenny’s panties down her smooth, silky legs. Jenny really was very attractive and if he had to have another Mistress then he could do a lot worse than her. Jenny lifted herself up slightly to make it easier for him and once he had them over her feet he heard Sarah’s voice again.
“Smell them slave, smell Jenny’s filthy, used, cum stained panties.”
Michael was shaking as he raised the material to his face and breathed in the scent.
“What can you smell slave?”
“Cum Mistress… and Jenny’s pussy.”
“Whose cum slave?”
Michael struggled to bring the words out for a second.
“Nick’s cum, Mistress.”
“You love the smell of pussy don’t you slave, is your cock hard yet?”
“Yes Mistress.”
“Does it hurt?”
“Yes Mistress, a little.”
“Good… now, I think it’s time you cleaned up this beautiful, cum filled pussy.”
The two women kissed again and Jenny parted her legs to reveal her well used cunt.
Under normal circumstances, the sight of Jenny’s completely shaven pussy would probably have been more than enough to take Michael’s breath away, especially since Sarah had never been keen to go further than a tidy trim. But the sight that met Michael’s eyes was quite astonishing.
Jenny’s pussy was still oozing Nick’s load, but it was incredible that there was anything left inside her given the way her pussy was gaping. He really had fucked her hard, and his thick cock had left her pussy totally wrecked. He looked up to see the two women kissing while Sarah gently squeezed Jenny’s right breast. He slowly lowered himself down between Jenny’s open legs and moved closer.
He couldn’t quite believe just how stretched Jenny’s pussy was, but as he moved closer and closer his fascination turned to lust as he found himself wanting to lick her ruined pussy clean. He felt Jenny’s hand on the back of his head again, just like the night before, only this time she was pushing his head down to clean her instead of his wife.
He heard the kissing noises stop for a second and then heard Sarah’s voice again…
“Go on slave, show her what you can do with that magic tongue of yours. I’ve told her all about your special talent and how much better you’ve become at pleasing me since your cock has been locked away.”
So she knew all along about the device, but still he didn’t know if she had told Nick. Surely she wouldn’t have… would she?
Jenny’s hand pressed harder and he felt his head moving closer and closer, the smell of cum and pussy juice overwhelming him as he opened his mouth and carefully lapped at her pussy for the very first time.
He had licked Sarah clean before of course, but not for a long time, mainly because he was hardly ever allowed to cum inside her anymore. Besides, this was a whole new level of humiliation for him, cleaning up after another man, a man who he found deeply unlikeable and completely devoid of charm. Cleaning his cum out of his wife while he was showering in the room above, his cock satisfied, his balls drained and empty… while Michael’s remained full and aching for release.
But despite all this, he could not help but savour the taste of Jenny’s cum filled hole and the feelings that were washing over him and nourishing his deeply submissive nature.Jenny pushed her pussy against him, grinding her clit against his face as she got more and more turned on by the whole situation. Michael was completely different to Nick, but she was fascinated by the things Sarah had told her and was quite stunned to find out that seemingly everything she had heard was true.
Michael relaxed as he got into his stride and deployed his tongue with precision. He experimented with various techniques, noting the responses to each and discarding the ones which were less effective. He prided himself on his pussy worshipping skills and wanted to please his Mistress and prove to Jenny that not having a big cock didn’t make him less of a lover.
It didn’t take long for Jenny to start tensing up and Michael reacted perfectly, bringing her carefully to the edge of orgasm and leaving her teetering just long enough to build the anticipation before tipping her right over the cliff. Jenny bucked hard against Michael’s face, expelling the last drops of Nick’s cum in the process, which splattered over Michael’s chin, cheeks and tongue.
She moaned loudly into Sarah’s mouth as she came and then collapsed, completely spent, back onto the bed. Sarah continued to lovingly stroke her breasts, while Michael carefully licked her pussy and thighs clean, before kneeling back up. He no longer tried to hide his chastity device, there was obviously no point anymore anyway.
After a short while Jenny sat up and thanked Michael for an incredible orgasm. Sarah knew that Nick wasn’t very keen on going down on his wife, and that she would appreciate Michael’s talented tongue. She also knew that Michael would enjoy making her cum and getting one over on Nick. But now she felt it was time for them to do something for Michael. He had behaved very well under difficult and testing circumstances and she felt he had more than earned a reward.
Sarah moved forward on the bed and bent down towards Michael’s middle. She carefully slid the key around her neck into the padlock on the top of the metal chastity device that encaged her husband’s aching stalk. She looked up and smiled at her husband for a second, then eased the padlock out of the joining ring that held the device together. She swiftly removed the main part of the device and watched as Michael’s cock quickly swelled to its full potential. His cock wasn’t small, but next to Nick’s monstrous cock he looked and felt decidedly average.
Sarah moved back up the bed and the two girls tangled their legs together, presenting Michael with two beautiful pairs of feet, rubbing against each other. His breathing quickened and when Sarah gave him permission to stroke his cock he didn’t stop to think about how humiliating it was to jerk his cock in front of Jenny.
“He loves to jerk off over my feet, and he loves to lick them clean… don’t you slave?”
“Yes Mistress,” breathed her husband, unable to tear his eyes away from the sight before him.
“Do you like Jenny’s feet slave?”
“Oh yes Mistress, they are lovely.”
“Would you like to be allowed to spunk over them and lick them clean for us?”
“Yes Mistress, please…”
“No slave, I want you to ask her… I want you to beg Mistress Jennifer. Beg her for permission to shoot your load over her beautiful feet and to clean them with your tongue.”Michael paused, he had never referred to any woman other than Sarah as ‘Mistress’ and this was quite a big thing for him to do. Strangely, in some ways it made him feel more uncomfortable than anything else he had already done on this trip.
“Please… Mistress Jennifer. Please may I jerk my cock and cum on your gorgeous feet….”
“And lick them clean,” pressed Sarah.
“Please may I jerk my cock, cum on your gorgeous feet and lick them clean Mistress?”
“You may,” said Jenny, a nervous giggle escaping her mouth as she said it.
“Thank you Mistress,” breathed Michael.
“This is so hot,” Jenny whispered to Sarah. “I’ve never done anything like this before.”
Sarah smiled at her slightly younger friend and they both turned their attention to Michael as he curled his fingers around his shaft and began to stroke.
“I hope you’ve got plenty for both of us slave, you know how much I love to feel your hot cum spurting over my beautiful instep and toes.”
“I’ll do my very best Mistress,” promised Michael as he pumped his meat hard for his two sexy Mistresses.
“Good slave, I know you won’t disappoint us. How many days is it since you have been allowed to cum?”
“Fifty three Mistress.”
Michael’s response brought a gasp from Jenny and a smile from Sarah.
“Get yourself close slave, I want you ready to cum right when I say.”
Michael stroked harder and moaned as he felt his cock edging closer and closer to the point of no return. He knew from experience that if Sarah told him to edge he needed to be right there. She would have no qualms about stopping him if she thought it was taking him too long to tip himself over the edge once she had given her permission for him to release.
“I’m close Mistress,” groaned Michael.
“Are you slave? Are you right there, right on the edge, ready to unload weeks of cum all over our beautiful feet?”
“Mmmm yes Mistress, I’m so close.”
“Then stop!” ordered Sarah.
Michael obeyed immediately, releasing his reddened cock, leaving it bobbing and pulsing angrily in complete frustration, a quiet but anguished moan escaping his throat.
“Oh my God,” exclaimed Jenny. “I can’t believe he just stopped when you told him to.”
“Oh yes,” smirked Sarah. “My slave is well trained, and he does exactly what I tell him to.”Michael looked at his wife with imploring eyes, begging to be allowed to finish what he had started.
“Right now he’s desperate, aching to cum, and part of him wants to be allowed to shoot all over our pretty feet and clean them with his tongue…. But another part of him, his darker side, wants nothing more than to be locked back up again without release.”
“No…” breathed Jenny. “No way. Why would he possibly want you to do that?”
“Because it amuses me, and because he adores it when I am mean to him. Don’t you slave?”
“Yes Mistress.”
Michael looked down, avoiding Jenny’s gaze as his secrets were revealed. What must Jenny think of him right now? He knew full well that Nick would never agree to be treated this way in a million years …
“Would you really lock his cock up again without letting him cum?”
“Yes, of course. He knows that he doesn’t get to cum without my permission and if he disobeys me he gets punished or I just leave his cock locked up for longer, don’t I slave?”
“Yes Mistress.”
“What do you mean… punished?” asked Jenny.
“Paddled, whipped… cropped, depends on my mood.”
“Ooooh…” breathed Jenny, clearly turned on by the idea.
“And sometimes I can be more creative… punishment doesn’t always just have to be about inflicting pain.”
Jenny looked at her friend, scarcely believing the things that were coming out of her mouth.
“It’s difficult at first, but you learn to love being mean… there’s almost nothing I love more than locking up a desperate, aching, leaking cock… but today I’ll let you decide, since we are your guests.”
Sarah reached down between her friend’s legs and gently stroked her sodden pussy, while Jenny arched her back, pushing herself closer to her sexy friend.
“But first we need to get him back on the edge. Tell him to start stroking again.”
Jenny gave the order and Michael eagerly grabbed his cock and swiftly pumped it, praying that she would give him permission to explode over her and his wife’s gorgeous feet.
“Do you want to let him cum, or do you want to watch me lock his poor aching cock back up again?” asked Sarah. “I will if that’s what you want, and he’ll thank you for it.”
“I’m getting close Mistress,” warned Michael.
“Stay on the edge,” instructed Sarah. “Until Mistress Jennifer makes her decision.”
Jenny felt a rush of power as she watched her friend’s husband stroking his cock for her, trembling slightly as he fought to hold back the orgasm that had been brewing for so long. Though she wanted to return the pleasure he had given her earlier, she couldn’t deny there was a tiny part of her that loved the idea of having Sarah lock his cock back up again without release. But no, it was too mean to do that, she wasn’t ready to be cruel like that, not yet…
“I want him to cum,” she sighed as Sarah’s fingers worked their way into her sodden cunt.
“Please let him cum, I want to see it…”
Michael was ecstatic but still looked to his wife for a final confirmation. Sarah held his gaze for a few more seconds, stringing out the agony for just a while longer and then nodded her head gently. Michael breathed deeply and pumped his cock a few more times, then felt his entire body tense as he unloaded a huge load of cum over all four of their combined feet.
The orgasm was too intense to be truly pleasurable, it was almost painful as his cock pulsed and jerked, thick white strings of cum erupting violently and splashing over painted toes, insteps, ankles and shins. He opened his eyes and looked down at the beautiful sight in front of him and carefully milked the last drops out of his now rapidly wilting cock.
As he milked his cock Sarah and Jenny looked on, Sarah’s fingers still playing with Jenny’s slippery, gaping pussy. She couldn’t believe how loose her friend’s pussy was, and she wished she could experience the same.
When Michael was sure he was completely drained he looked up briefly at his two Mistresses and then slowly bent forward and began the job of licking up and swallowing every single drop of cum he had expelled. As he licked and swallowed he heard the sound of Nick’s footstep’s outside on the gravel and then the sound of his black BMW firing into life. He was pleased that he was gone, he would much rather be alone with Sarah and Jenny…
As he slurped up the remnants of his bitter cream from between the two women’s toes he heard them talking about him as if he wasn’t even there.
“I’d love to watch him suck Nick’s cock,” said Sarah.
“I know,” giggled Jenny. “But Nick would never agree to that…”
“What if we get him really drunk and then tie him up?”
The two girls burst out laughing, then Sarah told Michael to leave them alone for a while.
“Go and get showered, and shave your balls… I’ll lock you up when you’re finished.”
Michael moved off the bed as the two women started to kiss once again. He moved towards the en-suite, glancing nervously over his shoulder.
“And don’t touch your cock any more than you absolutely have to,” added Sarah.Jenny giggled again and kissed her friend.
“Now it’s your turn,” she said seductively as she moved down Sarah’s body and kissed her stomach.
“No, please…. Use your fingers and tell me what it feels like.”
“What does what feel like?” smirked the younger woman.
“Nick’s cock, I want to know what it feels like when it’s inside you… does it hurt?”
“Sometimes… but you get used to it. And then it feels really, really good. Occasionally I let him fuck me in the ass, it takes a lot of lube and he has to go really slow, but it feels incredible.”
Sarah’s body arched and she let out a groan of pleasure as Jenny’s fingers slid inside her and she contemplated the idea of Nick’s thick pole stretching her virgin asshole and leaving her thoroughly gaped. She still didn’t like him very much, but now that she’d seen his cock, she desperately wanted to feel it inside her.
Michael watched from the bathroom doorway for a second, he couldn’t quite hear what was being said, but he could guess. Sarah had been teasing him about cuckolding for a long time now and it seemed that this weekend had brought that a few steps closer to becoming reality. His feelings on the matter were mixed, in some ways he loved the idea of Sarah being fucked by a cock much bigger than his own, but at the same time he hated the idea of another man being inside her… and the possibility of it being Nick of all people, that was very hard to stomach.
And yet, had he just not licked Jenny’s pussy and made her cum?
Would it not be somewhat hypocritical to deny Nick and Sarah the same intimacy?
What if Sarah (and Jenny) had given him the opportunity to fuck her rather than jerking off on her feet. How humiliating would it have been to have slid his cock into her distended pussy, knowing that she would barely have been able to feel him after Nick had stretched her hole so thoroughly.
Jesus, even thinking about that was making his cock start to harden again…
He looked down at his semi-hard cock, then back at his beautiful wife, clearly enjoying the attention of her best girl-friend and then reluctantly closed the bathroom door and plucked his razor out of their overnight bag.
+ + +
Traffic-wise the drive home was better than the drive down, but a nervous tension filled the car. They had travelled nearly a third of the way home before Michael finally asked the question that was occupying his every thought.
“Are you going to let him… inside you?”
The atmosphere inside the car crackled as Sarah considered her answer carefully.
“I’d like to. Especially now I’ve seen it for myself… I thought Jenny was exaggerating a bit, but apparently not!”
She let her answer hang for a moment, gauging Michael’s reaction, before sliding her hand onto his thigh and adding…
“But, at the same time… I wouldn’t want to do anything to jeopardise what we have. Teasing you about it is one thing, and I love the way it affects you when I lay it on thick… but before I actually went through with it I’d have to be sure it was right for both of us.”
Michael breathed a sigh of relief, and felt himself relaxing considerably.
“Besides, who knows if Nick even fancies me?” said Sarah, turning to look out of the window and feigning indifference.
Michael knew well enough that he did, just from the way he looked at her sometimes and the occasional drunken remark, but decided to keep that information to himself.
“Anyway, I’m not sure Nick is the right person to cuck you with anyway, despite the obvious… advantages. If I was going to let another man fuck me, I’d want you there with me too, and there’s no way Nick would agree to that. He may be well hung, but he’s way too vanilla for me, and for Jenny too I suspect… which is why I was wondering how you’d feel about her coming to stay with us now and again, just her… Nick’s job is changing soon and he’s going to have to start going abroad a lot more than he has before. Obviously Jenny will be stuck at home on her own, you wouldn’t mind if she came to stay with us would you?”
Sarah turned to smile at her husband.
“I know you loved her pretty feet, and she really loved your tongue… and I’d love to peg you in front of her, I’m sure it would blow her mind.”
Posted by
Robert_Anthony
at
21:43
6 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Erotic Fiction
Friday, 19 June 2015
Frustration (written June 2015)
Nick dropped his keys onto the table beside the front door, it had been a long day and he was really looking forward to a relaxing bath and his evening meal. He removed his coat and turned to hang it on the hook on the other side of the door, his wife’s coat was already there since she always got home before he did.
He turned to move towards the kitchen, only to find Samantha blocking his path. Before he could say a word she walked straight past him and called over her shoulder, ‘Slave, come with me.’
Nick turned instantly to follow his wife and Mistress, feeling his cock stirring as he admired the sight of her sexy body gliding down the hallway in front of him. Nick was still in his suit and tie, but Samantha had changed since she had arrived home. Now she wore a very tight mini dress that clung to her like cling film, accentuated every beautiful curve, and left it perfectly clear that she wasn’t wearing a single thing underneath it.
The dress was dark blue and contrasted perfectly with her long blonde hair. The only other thing Samantha was wearing besides her necklace was a pair of very slutty, very high heeled patent leather sandals and it was this above everything that really held Nick’s attention, at least for the moment.
By his own admission Nick had a major foot fetish, and though she had found it a little weird at first, once Samantha had gotten used to the idea, she grew to enjoy having him down on his knees, kissing her feet and sucking her pretty toes. Once Nick had come clean about that particular fetish things progressed quite rapidly and their relationship soon developed into one where Samantha was in control of Nick’s cock, to the point that for the last two and a half years he had been locked inside one kind of chastity device or another.
They’d started with the CB-3000, but its shortcomings soon became apparent and one day it split right down the seam (as many do), very nearly causing Nick a lot of damage. Despite an attempted repair, it became clear that if they wanted to carry on down this road then the only way to go was to invest in a metal device.
Samantha sat down at one end of their sofa, as she crossed her toned legs her mini-dress rode higher up her thighs until Nick was almost certain he could just catch a tiny glimpse of her perfectly smooth pussy. Nick adored his wife’s pussy and spent an awful lot of his time with his face pressed between her gorgeous thighs, much to her delight.
Nick stood in front of her, slightly awkwardly, awaiting instructions.
“Strip,” was all Samantha needed to say, and she eased back to watch as her husband slowly removed his clothes and folded them neatly into a pile. When she had first ordered him to strip, he had discarded his clothes carelessly, but a session with a paddle had soon corrected that particular failing.
Once Nick was naked, save for the metal chastity device surrounding his cock, Samantha ordered him onto his knees.
“You love these shoes, don’t you slave?”
“Yes Mistress, they look amazing on your beautiful feet.”
“Kiss them slave, show me how much you love them.”
Nick leaned forward and gently started to worship both his Mistress’s feet and her exquisite shoes. Within seconds he could feel himself straining against the steel tube wrapped around his cock, but Nick refused to let himself be distracted from the task at hand. Another lesson well learned from a previous paddling.
“How many days has it been since I allowed you to cum slave?” asked Samantha, looking down at Nick the way any woman in her position might.
“Eighty-six days, Mistress.”
“Eighty-six is it…” mused Samantha. “Those poor balls must be aching now, even though I did milk you about a month ago.”
“Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress.”
“Yes it was very kind of me to do that for you wasn’t it? Even though it was frustrating for you at the time. You really thought I was going to let you cum didn’t you, right up to the moment when I let go. You should have seen your face, it was priceless.”
Nick didn’t answer, but continued to pepper Samantha’s pretty feet and shoes with heartfelt kisses.
“Can you still remember the taste of all that ruined cum slave?”
“Yes Mistress, I can.”
“You were so desperate to taste it weren’t you slave, so eager… like a proper little cum slut?”
“Yes Mistress.”
“I know you crave it slave, when you’ve been denied… your training has made sure of that. Since I started making you eat it every time you came, your mind has started to associate the taste with pleasure… so that now you crave the taste in the hope that pleasure will accompany it.”
Samantha used her foot to push Nick away for a second, before switching her legs over, briefly offering a clearer glimpse of her naked, shaved pussy.
“Of course, sometimes it does, and sometimes it doesn’t… but either way I love watching you lick your cum up and swallow it for me, like the good little cumwhore I’ve trained you to be.”
Nick felt the first flushes of embarrassment colouring his cheeks.
“A few more years of training and who knows what you might be prepared to do to satisfy your appetite. Have you thought about that slave? Have you considered how far you might be prepared to go, how far you might be willing to degrade yourself for me?”
Nick’s cock throbbed in its metal prison, he loved it when she talked like this.
“Have you ever thought about swallowing a mouthful of cum, while your poor denied cock remains securely locked away… throbbing desperately and aching for release. Hmm…?”
Nick grunted as he pictured what his wife was portraying. It wasn’t the first time she had described such a scenario, but he still felt embarrassed and humiliated all the same.
“But where would we find such an eager cock, ready to be sucked… perhaps another slave, another poor chastity slave, denied for weeks on end? After all, imagine if I gave you the choice to stay locked for another eighty days or to pump your load down another slave’s throat, which would you choose?”
“I’m not sure Mistress…”
Samantha smiled, amused by his response.
“Mmm… maybe I should be looking for another Mistress to correspond with, perhaps we’ll be able to help each other out in the future. You’d like that wouldn’t you?”
“If it pleases you Mistress.”
Samantha watched Nick for a while, both of them acutely aware that his cock was as hard as it could get while still trapped in the metal tube.
“You love it when I’m cruel to you don’t you? You love the thought of being made to do things you’d never dream of doing on your own… humiliating things. Like when I make you wear a butt plug all day, or when I bend you over and fuck your tight little asshole, just for the fun of it.”
“Yes Mistress,” breathed Nick, his cock painfully squashed inside the tube.
“Well I hope your cock isn’t getting too hard thinking about what I might have you do in the future slave… because after all, you should be concentrating firmly on my beautiful feet. Shouldn’t you?”
“Yes Mistress, of course Mistress.”
Samantha ran her beautifully manicured fingers slowly down her silky smooth leg, her pussy was getting quite wet now and she was looking forward to feeling Nick’s skilled tongue, but for now she was happy to let the tension build between her thighs.
“Take them off now,” said Samantha. “I want you to worship my feet properly.
Nick carefully removed Samantha’s expensive sandals and then began kissing and sucking his Mistress’s beautiful feet with renewed vigour.
“That’s better,” she said, laying back a little more as she enjoyed the feeling of having each of her pretty toes individually licked and sucked.
Samantha reached up and began playing with the key that hung around her neck. Eighty six days was perhaps long enough, maybe she should let him out and allow him to sate his appetite for cum.
“You’re doing a wonderful job there slave, I think I might have to unlock your cock as a reward… would you like that?”
“Oh yes please Mistress,” Nick begged through a mouthful of toes.
Samantha chuckled to herself, imagining the warmth of his hot cum spattering across her pretty feet, quickly followed by his lips and tongue as he cleaned them and swallowed every tiny morsel of spunk at her command. She was going to enjoy this…
“Do you think you deserve to be unlocked and allowed to stroke your cock for me?”
Nick lifted his head slightly and took a breath before responding.
“It’s not for me to say Mistress.”
Samantha smiled at his answer and then continued to watch him lavish attention on her pretty feet. Her pussy was very wet now and she was half tempted to just pull his head between her thighs and tell him to lick her to orgasm. But no, she had a plan and she was going to stick to it.
She used her foot to push Nick away and then leant forward, giving her husband a perfect view of her cleavage and perhaps more importantly the key dangling around her neck.
“See anything you like?” she smirked.
“Yes Mistress.”
“Good, now stand up.”
Nick rose to his feet immediately, presenting his caged cock for her inspection. She reached out and traced her fingertips over his swollen balls.
“There’s got to be a lot of cum in these poor balls, hasn’t there…. especially the way I’ve been teasing you lately.”
“Yes Mistress.”
“I know you crave the taste when you’re horny, but I know you’re probably a little scared of just how much cum you might have to slurp up and swallow, you know… when you’ve been allowed to cum ‘properly’ and suddenly you don’t feel so horny anymore. That’s when you start to have second thoughts isn’t it, and the more you hesitate the colder it gets… is that why it tastes so much better from inside my pussy, because it stays nice and warm?”
“Partly Mistress… and because it tastes better when it’s mixed with your delicious pussy juice.”
Samantha reached between Nick’s legs and slid a finger up between his cheeks, her fingertip pressing gently against his asshole. She moved her head forward and took the smooth metal tube in her mouth, sucking his chastity device as she looked up at him. The frustration on Nick’s face was obvious and brought a fresh rush of juice to her already soaked pussy.
“Do you remember when I used to kneel on the floor in front of you and suck your cock like a good little wife? How I used to let you fuck my mouth and shoot down my throat… or pull out and cum on my face and tits? That seems soooo long ago doesn’t it?”
Nick could only grunt in agreement, the mental image of his beautiful wife sucking his cock and gently squeezing his balls as he unloaded in her mouth still burned in his memory but felt almost like a dream, like it never really happened…
“Would you like to do that again?”
Nick looked down at her, trembling slightly at the thought of being once again allowed to use her mouth for his own pleasure.
Samantha licked the tip of the steel chastity tube while looking him right in the eyes.
“Can you imagine what I might make you do to earn that reward slave?”
Nick gulped and shook his head softly, his throat suddenly dry.
“No, neither can I…. but I’m working on it.”
Samantha pulled her head back and lifted herself up slightly, she took hold of the key with her right hand and the small padlock that secured Nick’s chastity device with her left and brought the two together. There was a small click as the hasp of the padlock sprang up, and then Samantha removed the key and allowed it to fall back between her breasts.
“So close to being free now slave, all it takes is to twist the padlock and pull it free and your tube will slide off… or I could just click it shut again.”
Samantha held the small padlock between her finger and thumb illustrating just how simple it would be to look him up again.
“But you don’t want me to do that do you slave?”
“No Mistress, please don’t…” Nick’s voice was ragged and desperate.
Samantha let go of the padlock and resumed her previous reclined pose, her legs crossed once more.
“Take it off.”
Nick reached down and slipped the padlock from the retaining ring on top of his chastity cage, Samantha rarely removed the padlock herself, but she always, always snapped it shut when it was time to put it back on.
The chastity tube started to separate from the retaining ring as Nick’s cock started to push it away. He gently pulled it forward and eased it off, leaving his cock free to harden fully. They both knew it would be almost impossible to remove the retaining ring as well, especially as it effectively acted like a cock ring, making Nick’s engorged stalk even harder than normal.
“That’s how I like to see my property, rock hard and aching for release…” purred Samantha. “Now get on your knees, where you belong.”
Nick quickly sank to his knees, his eyes naturally falling on her beautiful, outstretched foot.
“Now, stroke it for me…. gently.”
Nick curled his fingers around his pulsing cock for what seemed the first time in ages and slowly began to stroke.
“Slowly, don’t rush it… just think about how good it’s going to feel when I finally let you pump all that cum out…”
Nick breathed heavily, his eyes fixed on Samantha’s delicious toes, he would do just about anything to spurt his load over that gorgeous foot right now.
“…your balls will tighten and you’ll get that indescribable feeling of being close, so close to cumming, like so many times before, only this time I won’t make you stop…”
Nick’s hand started to quicken on his shaft, the pleasure rising as he gripped just a little tighter. Samantha noticed, but didn’t challenge him on it.
“…you’ll keep pumping harder and harder until you cross that threshold, that point of no return, where nothing you can do will stop it, and all I could hope to do is ruin it for you…”
Nick grunted loudly.
“...but I’m not going to ruin you today, I promise you that much. You will not have a ruined orgasm today, unless you bring it on yourself…”
Nick’s eyes were closed now, his hand pumping hard.
“That’s right, stroke it good and hard for me, I want you to get yourself close now.”
Nick’s hand pumped harder and tighter as he felt the pleasure growing, the edge getting closer and closer. He knew full well she wouldn’t let him cum without some serious edging first, but he also knew that it would make it that much sweeter when she finally allowed him to cum.
“Tell me when you’re close slave.”
Nick continued stroking his cock until he felt the edge suddenly approaching, faster than he anticipated.
“I’m close Mistress,” he blurted.
“Let go!” ordered Samantha.
Nick’s hand released his cock immediately and he took a few seconds to catch his breath before opening his eyes. Samantha lifted her foot and pressed the underside against his lips, then watched as Nick obediently kissed the sole of her foot, his cock throbbing and bobbing as he did so.
“You really do love my pretty feet don’t you slave, I think you would do just about anything for them wouldn’t you?”
“Yes Mistress,” slurred Nick from behind her foot.
“Hmm, do you remember how I used to stand on your cock slave, I haven’t done that in a long time have I? Would you like me to stand on your cock again, so you can feel my sole crushing your cock against the seat of a chair or a table-top?”
Before he could answer Samantha pulled her foot away and ordered him to resume stroking.
“Well I think we both know the answer to that one don’t we…”
“Yes Mistress.”
Nick’s fingers curled around his aching cock once more and he began to stroke. He allowed his eyes to wander up his wife’s silky-smooth legs and imagined her spreading her legs to expose her shaven pussy to him. In his vision Samantha would reach down between her legs and touch herself unselfconsciously, proudly even, knowing how much her body turned him on and how desperately he wanted to taste her or penetrate her with his cock.
“I’m getting close Mistress,” he breathed hoarsely.
Samantha waited a few seconds before ordering him once again to stop stroking and let go. After a few seconds Samantha ordered him to edge again. She repeated this several times, each time making him hold the edge longer before allowing him to stop. Finally she decided he needed a break.
“Stand up.”
Nick climbed to his feet, thankful for the break from constantly edging his poor cock. Samantha leaned forward, then reached out a hand and grabbed Nick’s balls. She pulled him closer by his tight sack and then flicked out her tongue to taste the clear precum that was oozing from his cockhead.
“Mmmmm, nothing tastes sweeter than a denied cock.”
Samantha’s fingers squeezed harder around Nick’s balls as she teased the slit of his cock, searching for more of the clear, sweet fluid.
“Get back on your knees,” she ordered as she released his balls from her grip.
Nick sank back onto the carpet, his cock still rock hard and aching for attention.
“What were you thinking about when you edged slave, was it my perfect feet… or was it something else?”
“Something else Mistress.”
“And what might that have been slave?”
“Your gorgeous pussy Mistress.”
“I see…. do you want to be allowed to see my beautiful pussy as you stroke for me?”
“Yes Mistress, please…” Nick almost croaked.
Samantha slowly uncrossed her legs and spread them slightly, just enough so that Nick could catch a glimpse of her wet lips between her thighs.
“Better start stroking again slave.”
Nick was soon at the edge again and warned his Mistress accordingly.
“Beg me to let you stop.”
“Please Mistress, please let me stop stroking my cock….”
Samantha waited even longer this time and then nodded her head sharply. Relieved, Nick released his cock, his breathing rapid and shallow, his cock angry and throbbing.
Samantha looked down at her husband, her nipples were like bullets under her dress and her pussy was soaked, again the feeling came over her to grab his head and shove it between her thighs, she needed to feel his expert tongue on her clit so badly, but not just yet… she had to keep going as planned.
“Too much for you slave,” Samantha said, crossing her legs once again, her thigh muscles tightening and brushing against her sensitive pussy.
Nick looked disappointed.
“Edge for me slave, I want you really close this time.”
Nick’s hand closed around his cock again, he knew it wasn’t going to take many strokes before he was edging again so he took it a little slower. Samantha watched his every move then started to pile on the verbal pressure.
“Yes, I definitely need to start being crueller to you… there’s so many ways I could make you suffer for me, so many dilemmas I could force you into. For instance, I could keep you chaste for a very long time, and then offer you the chance to cum, but only if you used Deep Heat as lube… can you imagine what that would feel like slave? The intense, burning heat on your cock and balls as you jerked your cock for me… and the agony once you’d cum and reality kicked back in. Even if I allowed you to wipe it off, it wouldn’t help much, you’d just have to wait for it to wear off… and of course, I’d still expect you to clean up your mess for me, just like always…”
“I’m, I’m close Mistress!” stammered Nick.
“Ride it out, but don’t you dare cum…” spat Samantha, opening her legs wide so that her dress rode up around her waist, her clean shaven pussy fully exposed for the first time.
“Show me you can take it, just keep it right there, I want you one stroke away from cumming.”
Samantha allowed her right hand to fall between her thighs and her middle finger pressed easily between her wet lips. Samantha’s mouth opened and a breath of pleasure escaped her throat. She gently teased her pussy for a few seconds longer and then lifted her finger to her own mouth, sucking the juice from her finger tip.
“I bet you’d give anything to be able to do that, wouldn’t you… anytime you wanted?”
Nick nodded his head, completely unable to speak, his jaw quivering violently with the effort of holding back his orgasm.
“Do you want to be allowed to stop?”
“Please… Mistress,” he just about managed to drag the words from the back of his throat.
Samantha leaned forward and kissed him gently on the lips, their eyes locked as she reached out and her fingertips closed around his left nipple. She squeezed it hard and released, then squeezed it harder.
“I love seeing you like this, so desperate, so obedient, so fucking malleable… I am going to treat you so badly, and you are going to love me for it aren’t you?”
“Yes Mistress.”
“I’m going to become the Mistress of your dreams, and possibly your nightmares too. Is that what you want slave?”
“Yes Mistress.”
Nick’s words were barely audible now, such was the effort of holding back his orgasm.
“Then let go… let go of your cock.”
Nick released his cock, which remained stone hard and jerked involuntarily, desperately trying to force the cum to rise from his balls without the necessary stimulation.
“Thank you Mistress,” gasped Nick as he fought for breath.
“I told you I wasn’t going to ruin your orgasm today slave, and I meant it. But as much as I want to see you stroke your cock for me, as much as I want to feel your hot creamy load spattering across my beautiful feet, and as much as I want to watch you clean it all up and swallow it down for me… more than all that, I want to lock your cock back up and keep you just like this. I want to keep you frustrated and horny, desperate for whatever pleasure I allow you.”
Samantha parted her legs again and grabbed the back of Nick’s head, forcing it down between her legs as she pushed her pussy forwards to the edge of the seat.
“Eat me slave, make me cum… make me cum hard.”
Nick collapsed onto all fours and buried his tongue inside his Mistress, the delicious taste overwhelming him and almost pushing him over the edge. As much as he wanted to cum, as much as he craved the taste of his own release, nothing gave him greater pleasure than feeling his Mistress cumming hard under his tongue.
Samantha ground her pussy against his face as he licked her clit, Nick couldn’t remember her being hornier in all the time they’d been together. Then she bucked hard against him, her hands tight around his head, fucking his face as she came harder than she could ever remember.
“Oh fuck, oh fuck…. OH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
It seemed to go on forever, but finally Samantha’s muscles started to relax and Nick gulped down lungfuls of air, his face red and smeared with his Mistress’s juices. He looked down at his cock, which was still rock hard, the head an angry purple colour, he needed to cum so badly at that point that for just a moment he thought about climbing on top of his wife, holding her down and forcing his cock inside her wet, sloppy cunt. Just like he used to back in the old days, before all this madness started.
But then the moment passed, Samantha closed her legs and brushed her dress back down to cover herself up and then rolled over on the sofa so that she was lying on her side facing him.
“That was fantastic…” she breathed, barely able to keep her eyes open.
Nick smiled and felt the warm glow of her satisfaction that only a deeply submissive man can ever understand.
“I mean it though, we’ve been playing at this long enough, I want to push you much, much harder… do you think you can handle it?”
Nick paused a second, his lips felt suddenly dry.
“Yes Mistress…”
“Good, I’m pleased to hear it…. Now go get some ice, I want to lock your cock back up before I change my mind.”
Posted by
Robert_Anthony
at
00:05
4 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Labels
Erotic Fiction
Total Pageviews
KEYHELD
MISTRESS MARIE & HER SLAVE
MONKEY IN A CAGE
Sub Hub in Phoenix
THE HORNY OLD GOAT
Follow by Email
Followers
VISIT MY FULL STORY INDEX
EVERYTHING HAS A PRICE
OUT OF YOUR HANDS
My Blog List
submissive games
Photo
12 hours ago
A Married Sissy Cuckold
Sharing Our Secrets
17 hours ago
You Cucky Duck!
cuckyg: Yes please!
17 hours ago
Cara Sutra
The happiness of foot hugs
18 hours ago
LIVING LIFE IN CHASTITY
john-mirror-captions: Oh shit… he was twice as big as you… and...
18 hours ago
Locked Husband
International Male Chastity Day?
1 day ago
Seduced By Her
Video
1 day ago
Denying Thumper
Metrics
1 day ago
submissive husband in Phoenix
Bonus Day
1 day ago
Im-hers
Walking the Tight-Rope
2 days ago
Monkey in a Cage Chastity Blog
Full Submission Mode (Part 1)
2 days ago
forYourUse Mistress.
Photo
2 days ago
Goat Cheese
Double whammy!
This tweaks my fascination with electro-stim and...
3 days ago
Ball Busting Bitches Brigade
Photo
4 days ago
Best Of Ballbusting
nutcruchgirls: An ex-girlfriend.
She is married now.
But I...
4 days ago
Not Just Bitchy
This just in: a dom can have a sense of humor
5 days ago
Chastity Femdom
Joe asked ‘Do you ever take story requests’…?
5 days ago
Desired submission
2016-02
6 days ago
Mistress Lilyana
My swinging New Year's Eve
1 week ago
Anna Malice Sissy Self Hypnosis
#3007 – Embrace Your Destiny
1 week ago
HOTEL FEMDOM
http://scrushingball.tumblr.comHOTEL FEMDOM Femdom playing with...
1 week ago
The Edge of Vanilla
Meet the New Year. Same as the Old Year.
1 week ago
Woman In Control
PAIN : GIVING AND TAKING
1 week ago
He rules the roost, she rules the rooster
2015 Sexual Year in Review of a Loving Married Couple
1 week ago
This Whole Thing
Ringing out 2015 with Gratitude and Love!
Welcome 2016!!!
2 weeks ago
SOS- My life as a servant to the Beautiful Mistress S.
Holiday season, a time for fun, love and giving
4 weeks ago
Learning and Living a FLR
The Hydra That Is Living A FLR
5 weeks ago
Thoughts of a submissive cuck hubby
Back to Chastity
2 months ago
Marie & David: A Real Life Story of a Mistress and Slave
West Virginia from David’s Eyes
2 months ago
Project Pork Shifter
3 months ago
The Horny Old Goat
Ruined… Spectacularly ruined!
4 months ago
Masculine Submission
How shall I describe your skin color?
5 months ago
Femdom Fiancee
From Cuck to Cocksucker, her story
5 months ago
Chastity Fantasies of an Obsessive Compulsive
Upload Trouble
6 months ago
| Where to Link When You Write Kink
Plugin Updates
7 months ago
Monkey in a Cage
Kinky, Tease, Orgasm Denial and Chastity Posts
8 months ago
A Queen and her Knight
Update On Knight and I.
8 months ago
Dommestic Bliss
My experiences at being more feminine: tips, suggestions and more! (Part 1: Your body and dieting)
8 months ago
Journal (My Journey Into Femdom)
Post orgasm blues
9 months ago
Mistress Marie and Her Slave!
We Have MOVED to a New Website, Please Come Join Us
10 months ago
Where John Ricke Writes
Caption 26
1 year ago
At all Times
Seven Days
1 year ago
Submitting To My Wife
Update on things
1 year ago
Intimate Thoughts of a Married Man.
Ironing
1 year ago
Rob's Rants
Break teh internetz...
1 year ago
Tales of a Domme
Six years… and still not entirely dead.
1 year ago
Journal of an Obedient Boyfriend
A New Lover for my Princess? (Part 2)
1 year ago
One Day In… | …a world of sexual exploration
Learn to write dialog properly
1 year ago
Adoring A Domme Wife
Cognitive Dissonance
2 years ago
Pain, Pleasure and Denial
Ruined Orgasms Revisited…Part Two
2 years ago
iHonorHer - (Femdom Photos and the Dominant Women We Love)
THE CUCKOLDRESS : SHE GIVES YOU THAT LOOK AND SAYS...
3 years ago
Chastity Diary
A surprise
3 years ago
Dominant Life
OWNED!
UNFINISHED F/C BOOK
Blog Archive
▼
2015
(6)
▼
July
(3)
New blog and links to vids etc...
Stories by Robert Anthony
GIRLS TALK (Written July 2015)
►
June
(1)
►
May
(1)
►
March
(1)
►
2014
(2)
►
June
(1)
►
April
(1)
►
2013
(6)
►
June
(1)
►
April
(1)
►
February
(4)
►
2011
(47)
►
November
(1)
►
October
(1)
►
August
(1)
►
May
(3)
►
April
(41)
►
2010
(1)
►
May
(1)
►
2009
(1)
►
May
(1)
Picture Window template. Powered by Blogger.