https://www.1clickip.com
Rezon8 -
Rezon8
Media and Marketing Services
Call Us: (313) 744-2627
Search for:
HomeAboutMarketing Programs
Search Engine Marketing Social Media Marketing Customer Relationship Marketing Lead Generation Email Marketing Search Engine Optimization
Media Services
Audio Identity Music Voice Video
Media & Marketing Blog
What We Do…
We Plan, Create, Connect and Execute marketing programs. Our agency offers full service marketing and advertising support for: Program development, Campaign Creation, Management & Optimization, Consulting, Media Planning & Buying, Creative, and Analytics for Advertisements placed Anywhere. We’re unique in our data driven, brand focused approach to marketing. We strive to empower clients with interactive technologies that can transform how they engage those they touch. Whether finding new sources of prospects, acquiring customers, or building loyalty, our planning and execution provides distinction for our clients marketing results, moving from "success" into "a whole new world". Our tactics are formulated to achieve goals or solve problems, are based on strategy, and focus on innovative ways to connect with people.
"Marketing is planning to change the way our targets behave and advertising the way they think."
-IDL
Prepare For Success
Let us set-up and connect your online presence.
We'll take care of building all the profiles and connecting social media accounts.
Our Social Media SEO Package puts you on the map and eligible for natural (free) search results.
Be There & Get Found!
Design Your Message
Applying creative focus to presenting your offer with the best words, images & sounds can be incredibly powerful. If you stop talking at people and have a conversation, you can engage your users. With OUR content, creative and messages you will Get Noticed & Be Remembered!
Grow Your Audience
We are experts at acquiring new business via ppc advertising. Our technology allows us to manage ppc spend/results and analytics for any type of media. Put our talent and creativity to work finding new sources of prospects. Find new audiences & Get the Message Out!
Engage and Convert
We design technology driven sticky products and advocate maintaining a holistic view of clients while tracking everything.
Our CRM consultants provide the strategy, process & workflow to keep it together when your brand is blowing up. Get Our Glue!
Talk with a digital marketing expert today!
Get a free review of your current marketing and see how Rezon8 can align your business goals with your marketing efforts.
Get a Free Consultation
From Our Blog
Ramping Up A New IP Address To Improve Email Delivery
Whether you are just starting your foray into Email for marketing or are considering changing Email Service Providers you need to make a few...
Michigans New Law to Protect Social Media Accounts
Michigan passed a bill on Friday that prohibits employers and schools from asking employees and students for login information to their personal...
New FB Plugin Gives Privacy Controls On Other Websites
With developers using Facebook’s Open Graph on websites and apps all over the web, users activities are becoming more social because the...
Search Engine Marketing – SEM
We create awareness and acquisition campaigns all over the internet (Google, Yahoo, Bing, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google Shopping and other sites) for our clients.  Our...
Analytic Services
Customer Profiling
Customer Segmentation
Page QR Code
Access
User
Password
Remember me
Recover password
Design ApprovalsBilling and PaymentsCRM AccessERP AccessGet Our Newsletter
Email*
First Name
Contact
Rezon8 Media & Marketing Services
Phone: (313) 744-2627
Fax: (413) 513-2065
Website: http://rezon8.net
Email: info@rezon8.net
Skype: info.rezon8
Find us on Google+
© 2016 Rezon8 llc.
| privacy | terms				| Entries (RSS)
| Comments (RSS)
Back to Top