https://www.affiliationsoftware.net
Start your own Affiliate Program - AffiliationSoftware
Toggle navigation
HOME
WHAT IS IT
FEATURES
START
DEMO
SUPPORT
Start your own Affiliate Program and drive more Traffic and Sales to your website!
Did you know that: 100% of the most popular websites in the world has its own Affiliate Program!
Learn more
Try it for Free
We help you sell more! Boost your online Sales with our Affiliate Software!
I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts![John D. Rockefeller]
Learn more
Try it for Free
Previous
Next
WHAT IS AFFILIATIONSOFTWARE?
AffiliationSoftware is Affiliate Marketing Software designed to create and manage your own Affiliate Program.
An Affiliate Program is a powerful marketing tool for every online business. It is one of the most effective and cheapest ways to get targeted traffic and increase sales!
With an affiliate program the affiliates will promote your website by publishing your banners and links on their websites and on social networks, bringing you quality traffic, interested visitors and new customers!
AffiliationSoftware will automatically track all the statistics and conversions generated by your affiliates, in real time!
Learn more
Try it for Free
TECHNOLOGY
With AffiliationSoftware Professional, a stable, secure and flexible Affiliate Platform, you can take full advantage of the power of Affiliate-Marketing to create profitable partnerships and increase your profits by having your website promoted by hundreds of affiliates!
AFFILIATION
Users can sign up to your affiliate program and promote your site by publishing banners and links on their websites and on social networks, bringing you quality traffic and new customers in exchange of a performance-based commission of your choice! For example: 5% per referred sale or 1$ per each lead!
FEATURES
AffiliationSoftware has all the features needed to create successful partnerships with many types of sites and users (display, email, mobile, social, keywords)! It has different types of banners and commissions and automatically tracks all the statistics and conversions (clicks, sales, leads) referred by your Affiliates!
Learn more
Try it for Free
WITHOUT AN AFFILIATE PROGRAM
WITH AN AFFILIATE PROGRAM
Learn more
Try it for Free
HOW DOES AFFILIATIONSOFTWARE WORK?
Here's what the users will see once they have registered to your affiliate program, in 4 easy steps!
STEP 1: SIGN UP
The user registers to your Affiliate Program
STEP 2: LOGIN
The user logs in to the Affiliate Panel
STEP 3: ADVERTISE
The user promotes your banners and links on his website, on the social networks,...
STEP 4: STATISTICS
The user can see the statistics and earnings generated by his advertising
Previous
Next
Learn more
Try it for Free
WHY CHOOSE AFFILIATIONSOFTWARE?
AffiliationSoftware is the leading Affiliate Program in Italy, founded in 2008, it has hundreds of satisfied clients all over the world! Our Affiliate Program is very easy to use and customize, and is compatible with all the most popular websites, e-commerce, landing pages, squeeze pages, community, subscriptions and much more!
12 good reasons to choose AffiliationSoftware
SIMPLE To use, to set up and to customize
FAST Installed in our dedicated servers, no requirement
READY To use and to make your business grow
COMPATIBLE With all the most popular e-commerce and CMS
STATISTICS With charts and detailed reports in real time
TRACKING of the conversions, even after many days
COMMISSIONS Pay per Action, Sale, Lead, Click, Referrals
MULTILEVEL Referrals and sub-affiliates, up to 10 tiers
UNLIMITED No maximum limit of Traffic, Users and Banner
DESIGN Compatible with all browsers, smartphones & tablets
HELP And technical support included, within 24 hours
FREE TRIAL 30 days to try AffiliationSoftware for free
AffiliationSoftware 30-day Free Trial!
Start your own Affiliate Program today, promote your website and increase your Traffic and Sales! Now at no initial cost!
Start now
FEATURED INTEGRATIONS
WHAT CUSTOMERS SAY ABOUT US
Daniele D'Ausilio - www.ProgettoSEM.com
I'm using AffiliationSoftware and I really like it, especially the new version! For years I was looking for an easy to use affiliate software for my products and now I have finally found the solution to my problem!
Louis - www.PUAtraining.it
We were looking for affiliate software which wasn’t difficult to manage, at the same time we needed it to have all the necessary functions to create an affiliate program suitable for all our needs. After weeks of research we discovered AffiliationSoftware, only a few minutes after sending the first email we received a reply! The customer service is excellent, with assistance even late at night and during weekends! The software itself is very intuitive and with any problem you encounter there is one of the best customer services ready to help you solve it! A 10/10 is always hard to give, but we believe a 9/10 is definitely deserved!
Arcangelo Miranda - www.IdeaLandia.it
The powerful ecommerce system we adopted needed an equally powerful affiliate software in order to manage our affiliates. AffiliationSoftware proved to be exactly what we needed!
Renata Bersano - www.TorinoCoach.it
I am really satisfied by this product which is easy to use, clear and immediate! What surprised me the most was the availability of the support team, both with the installation process and with the various steps, which was priceless seing as I have absolutely no knowledge of programming (and all included in the price). Therefore I would like to thank you for the assistance, your availability and your help… :-)
Nadja Disch - www.AnnunciSulWeb.com
I started my affiliate program less than a month ago and the number of people sining up has literally triplicated! And it’s just the start! I am so happy! :D Using AffiliationSoftware was the best choice I could make! PS: The customer service is really fast and always very kind!
Antonio Costanzo - www.IndelabelMusic.com
I bought AffiliationSoftware and use it for my shop, I have to say that it is a very good program, reliable and simple to use, an excellent way to invest in web-marketing! I am very satisfied!
Marco C. - www.marketoftrade.com
I have been using this program for about 4 months and I have to say that the value for money is excellent! The availability of the customer service is amazing! Ever since I started using this software I am sure I made the right decision. I really recommend it!
SOME OF OUR CLIENTS
AffiliationSoftware 30-day Free Trial!
Start your own Affiliate Program today, promote your website and increase your Traffic and Sales! Now at no initial cost!
Start now
LATEST NEWS
11.01.2016New plugin available: Prefill (DEM)
03.01.2016tracking for Incomedia Website X5
30.11.2015New tracking integration for Shopify
14.10.2015New plugin available: Covering URLs (DEM)
07.09.2015New tracking integration for ShopWare
OUR NUMBERS
500+ customers have chosen AffiliationSoftware
10 million clicks and impressions served every day
10'000€ of daily earnings on our clients websites
92% the score given to us by Google PS
MENU
Homepage
Free Trial
Demo
Blog
News
PRODUCTS
Professional
Network
Versions
Services
Client area
SUPPORT
Contact us
FAQs
Getting started
Documentation
Terms of service
FOLLOW US
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
Feed RSS
© 2008 / 2016 AffiliationSoftware.com - All rights reserved - VAT CHE115744305