https://www.alexrex.info
COPHC Pakistan
SiteMap
Careers
Login
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
News Center
Businesses
Gwadar International Terminals Limited
Gwadar Marine Services Limited
Gwadar Free Zone Company Limited
Why Gwadar
Shipping Line Info
Contact Us
Others
Social Responsibility
Downloads
Polices
Tariff
Reports
Self Regulatory Organization
Tenders
Quick Links
Gwadar Port Authority
Gwadar Development Authority
Fedral Board of Revenue
Custom Weboc
Flight Inquiry
Gallery
Welcome to COPHC Pakistan
Gwadar International Terminal
Bulk Cargo
Break Bulk Cargo
RORO Cargo
Live Cargo
General Cargo
Container Handling
Gwadar Marine Services
Pilotage
Tugging
Navigation
Berthing / Unbreathing
Gwadar Free Zone Company Limited
Industrial Areas
Development Projects
Allied Services
Facilities
Gwadar International Terminal
We believe in enabling strategic partnerships through "Mutual trust", which is the foundation stone of our philosophy. Our impeccable reputation for client retention is a testimony to our business success.
Gwadar Marine Services
From Outer anchorage to Inner channel, pilotage to mooring and supply of full maritime support, we always utilize our extensive knowledge and specialized expertise to ensure satisfactory berthing solutions.
Gwadar Free Zone Company Limited
The state-of-the-art Free Zone Area will be built on reclaimed land in Northern Harbor (within the port area). The new development covering 923 hectares with a permanent Tax and Duties exemptions would enable us to optimize transport flows.
Our Businesses
Gwadar International Terminals Limited
Inspiration of Maritime Excellence, Gwadar Port is about 533 km from Karachi and 120 km from the Iranian border and 380 km northeast of Oman across the Arabian Sea. Gwadar Port is located at the mouth of the Persian Gulf, just outside the Strait of Hormuz, touching the key shipping routes in and out of the Persian Gulf.
Gwadar Marine Services Limited
From Outer anchorage to Inner channel, pilotage to mooring and supply of full maritime support, we always utilize our extensive knowledge and specialized expertise to ensure satisfactory berthing solutions. GMSL team is equipped with the knowledge and skills to supervise vessel berthing/un-berthing and its related operations.
Gwadar Free Zone Company Limited
The state-of-the-art Free Zone Area will be built on reclaimed land in Northern Harbor (within the port area). The new development covering 923 hectares with a permanent Tax and Duties exemptions would enable us to optimize transport flows. Gwadar Free Zone will be designed with the unique needs of manufacturing & trading.
Hot News
中华人民共和国国家发展和改革委员会王晓涛副主任考察瓜达尔港
Mr.Wang Xiaotao,Vice Chairman Of China National Development And Reform Commission,Visits To Gwadar Port
2015年11月11日，在中国海外港口控股有限公司董事长张保中以及巴基斯坦政府部门官员的陪同下，中国国家发展和改革委员会王晓涛副主任携第五次中巴经济走廊联委会中方主要参会代表，考察访问瓜达尔港。
On Nov 11th,2015, Major participants from Chinese side for the fifth China-Pakistan Economic Corridor Joint Cooperation committee leaded by Mr.Wang Xiaotao accompanied by Mr.Zhang Baozhong, Chairman of China Overseas Ports Holding Company Ltd.(COPHCL),as well as officials from Pakistan government paid a visit to Gwadar Port.
当天，王晓涛副主任一行考察了瓜达尔新国际机场所在地，瓜达尔自由区，瓜达尔港，为瓜达尔港中方烈士纪念碑敬献了鲜花，并出席了中巴瓜达尔法曲尔公立小学奠基仪式及瓜达尔自由区土地移交签约仪式。
On the same day, Mr.Wang Xiaotao with his delegation visited Gwadar new international airport, Gwadar Free Zone, Gwadar port, laid flowers at the monuments for the Chinese martyrs, attended foundation stone laying ceremony of China-Pakistan Government Primary School Faqueer Colony and Gwadar Free Zone land handing over signing ceremony.
Read more...
瓜达尔自由区部分土地正式移交
Part Of Gwadar Free Zone Land Has Been Officially Handed Over
2015年11月11日，瓜达尔自由区部分土地正式移交签约仪式在瓜达尔PC酒店隆重举行。 巴基斯坦俾路支省首席部长马利克先生、巴基斯坦计划发展部部长伊科巴先生、巴基斯坦港口航运部部长迈克尔先生和中国发展改革委王晓涛副主任参与见证本次签约。 中国海外港口控股有限公司董事长张保中先生、巴基斯坦瓜达尔港务局主席多斯汀和巴基斯坦瓜达尔副行政长官哈米德先生分别代表码头运营商、政府部门签署土地移交协议。
On 11th Nov. 2015, Signing Ceremony of handing over partly Gwadar Free Zone land was held at PC Hotel Gwadar. Chief Minister Baluchistan Dr. Abdul Malik Baloch, together with Federal Minister for Planning Development & Reforms Professor Ehsan Iqbal ,Federal Minister for Shipping & Ports Mr.Kamran Michael and Vice Chairman National Development & Reform Commission of PRC Mr. Wang Xiatao，witnessed the ceremony. On behalf of China Overseas Ports Holding Company, Chairman Mr. Zhang Baozhong performed agreement signing with Mr.Dostain Khan Jamaldini Chairman of Gwadar Port Authority and Mr. Abdul Hameed Abro Deputy Commissioner of Gwadar.
Read more...
瓜达尔港集装箱货物运输启动仪式
Commencement of the first commercial containerized cargo shipment at Gwadar Port on May11th.2015
2015年5月11日，随着中远集团“紫荆松”轮徐徐靠上瓜达尔国际码头有限公司2号泊位，标志着中国海外港口控股有限公司（COPHC）运营的巴基斯坦瓜达尔港成功开展首次商业化集装箱出口业务。瓜达尔港从此进入了全面承载集装箱货物进出口业务的新时期，翻开了瓜达尔港历史上崭新的一页。
On May 11th. 2015, China Overseas Ports Holding Co. (COPHC), the concession holder and operator of Gwadar port, has reached a milestone of commencing the first commercial containerized cargo shipment from Gwadar port as the COSCO vessel MV “Zi Jing Song” gradually approaching berth No.2 of Gwadar International Terminals. Gwadar port has since ushered in a new stage that the port can handle all export and import cargos, turning a new page in history of Gwadar port.
为纪念这个重要的历史时刻，公司在港口现场举行了简单而隆重的庆祝仪式，巴基斯坦港口航运部部长Kamran Michael、中国驻卡拉奇总领事经商室参赞王志华和众多巴基斯坦联邦政府、省府和当地政商要人、企业代表共计120余人出席了开航仪式。活动反响强烈，取得了圆满成功。
To commemorate this historical moment, a simple but formal opening ceremony was held at the port and it was attended by Federal Minister Ports and Shipping, Kamran Michael; his Excellency, Mr. Wang Zhihua, Counsellor of Economic and Commercial Section of the Consulate General of the People's Republic of China in Karachi among other business and political notables from federal government, Balochistan province and Gwadar.
Read more...
中华人民共和国驻巴基斯坦大使孙卫东赴瓜达尔港考察访问
Chinese ambassador visit to Gwadar
2015年7月27日，在中国驻卡拉奇总领事馆慕永鹏副总领事，中国海外港口控股有限公司董事长张宝中以及当地政府部门官员的陪同下，中国驻巴基斯坦大使孙卫东一行五人赴瓜达尔港考察访问。上午，孙大使考察了瓜达尔新国际机场，瓜达尔自由区，瓜达尔东湾快速路，瓜达尔中心医院，瓜达尔港，并为瓜达尔港口建设期间的中方烈士纪念碑敬献了鲜花；下午，孙大使与瓜达尔港务局，瓜达尔城市发展局，瓜达尔市政府以及警察部门的负责人举行了座谈，大家为瓜达尔如何尽快的发展坦诚交换了意见，并取得广泛共识；座谈会后，孙大使与当地的教育部门负责人，医院负责人以及学校的师生代表，医院的医务工作者代表举行了见面会，并见证了中国海外港口控股巴基斯坦有限公司与当地的教育官员签订了《中海外瓜达尔助学基金备忘录》。
Accompanied by Mr. Mu Yongpeng, vice consulate general of PR China in Karachi, Mr. Zhang Baozhong, chairman of COPHC and local government officials, Chinese embassy team of 5 members, including his Excellency Mr. Sun Weidong himself, visited the Gwadar port on July 27th,2015. The first half of the day, the ambassador visited site of Gwadar new International Airport, Gwadar Free Zone, Gwadar East Bay Expressway, Gwadar Central hospital and Gwadar port. Wreath was laid at the memorial to Chinese who were killed while constructing the port. The second half of the day was discussion based, the ambassador exchanged views on how to facilitate and expedite the development of Gwadar with heads from GPA, GDA, Gwadar district government and local police departments, respectively. Later on, the ambassador was engaged in meetings with the head of local education authority, student and teacher representatives from local schools, head and staffs from local hospitals. He also witnessed the signing ceremony of MoU of Education Fund for the underprivileged students of Gwadar between COPHC and the local education officer.
Read more...
Gwadar Map
Karachi Office
Address3rd Floor(Ext), Bahria Complex - IV, Chaudhary Khaleeq uz Zaman Road, Gizri, Clifton.
Karachi, Pakistan.
Phone(+92) 21-35155081-84
Emailinfo@cophcgwadar.com
Gwadar Office
AddressControl Tower Building, Pak China Friendship Road, Gwadar Port.
Gwadar, Pakistan.
Phone(+92) 86-4212266
Emailinfo@cophcgwadar.com
About Us
COPHC Pakistan is a branch company of COPHC which is an emerging and fast growing company in Hong Kong.
Gwadar has enormous potential from all angles & dimensions for any kind of business activity.
Gallery
© Copyright 2015 COPHC | China Overseas Ports Holding Company Pakistan Pvt. Ltd.