https://www.alibra.co.uk
Iona Group | The IonaGroup is the umbrella name for a collection of Liverpool businesses
About IonaGroup
Contact
Car Parking
Dock and Roll
FILM Locations
C & D Properties
Bankfield Enterprise Hub
TreeHouse Room Rentals
Cyprus Holiday Rentals
Toolan Bookmaker
Home Fix NW
Shenanigans Irish Pub
Who is the IonaGroup?The IonaGroup is the umbrella name for a collection of Liverpool businesses started by Conor and Daragh McDonald over the past 18 years, after they arrived here from Dublin, Ireland.
“We arrived in Liverpool having worked in various parts of the UK for a number of years. With its close Irish connections we fell in love with the City of Liverpool and remained here ever since. Shenanigans is where it all started for us (our forefathers were Irish publicans). In the years to follow we went into the property business after both of us had strong backgrounds in the industry. Daragh has an extensive building background, whilst Conor had studied estate agency in Ireland. With the property market booming it seemed logical enough. We later opened the bookmakers, Pat Toolan, under the watchful eye of the man himself, who has numerous shops in Dublin and the surrounding areas. Then we joined forces with Ian Murray, who now leads C & D Properties, with himself having over 25 years’ experience in the business. With these and lots more going on at the IonaGroup we think we are here to stay.”
The IonaGroup is always looking for new and exciting opportunities, and are looking forward to serving Liverpool for many years to come.
TreeHouse Room RentalsContact Details
t. 07950022283
e. conor@ionagroup.co.uk
Treehouse rentals offers short term room lets within the Wavertree area and Liverpool City Centre. The rooms we offer include all bills, WIFI, TV package and meet all current accommodation safety standards. Security checks and deposits are compulsory. Prices are available on request, however our rooms vary from £50-£150 per week.
Top
FILM LocationsIf you are a location manager and require shooting locations or props please contact us for our list of both that we have available for hire. Subject to availability.
Top
Contact Details
t. 07950022283
e. conor@ionagroup.co.uk
Bankfield Enterprise HubDownload PDFContact Details
t. 07950022283
e. conor@ionagroup.co.uk
The Bankfield Enterprise Hub is situated on the A5056, off Liverpool’s well know Dock road, facing the Canada Dock. In previous times it was once a well-known Dockers pub called The Dominion Hotel. The area suffered years of dilapidation following the demise of the docks as we knew them, but in recent years there has been somewhat of a resurgence of the area following various government funded schemes including Step Clever. With Peel Liverpool Waters Scheme already started, as well as other developments, such as the Titanic Hotel everything seems set in motion for the Liverpool docklands to boom and be world famous once again.
Work on the Bankfield Enterprise Hub started in 2011 with phase one being completed in 2012. The second phase was started in 2013 and is set to be completed by early 2014. The Building has been completely gutted and refurbished with a new roof, new floors and brought up to current office and works space standard. With long term tenants occupying the completed first floor, basement, and part of the ground floor only one unit remains which boasts in excess of 1000 sq ft.
With the one unit remaining, the space is perfect for office or light industrial. The unit boasts the potential of constructing a mezzanine level, depending on what the client space requirements are, and which the landlord will construct subject to contract. Each floor also has its own kitchen and bathrooms, with disabled access.
The Bankfield Enterprise Hub is a 5 minute drive to Liverpool’s city centre business district, or a 35 minute walk. It is also a 4 minute walk from Bank Hall train station.
Top
Contact Us
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
For all enquiries please contact us below, or leave us a message
t. 0151 236 0002
e. conor@ionagroup.co.uk
a. 63-67 Tithebarn Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, L2 2EN
kifflesIonaGroup05.09.2014
Copyright IONA Group 2014
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy