https://www.allusagolf.com
Buy exact scales and balances: warehouse weight scale load cells and parts.
Load cells, scales and balances
Scalemarket .com is the only online weighing super-store that has locations all around the world, bringing all our products right to your door step; we are your local super store! We are more than just a weighing store; we provide all the mayor names to buy in scales, balances, load cells, crane scales, floor scales, force dynamometers and much more. Our warehouse has a large inventory that is ready to ship from our convenient location in Miami FL, and we have over 35,000 products to pick from, ranging from small house scales to mayor industrial scales, and analytical balances and moisture analyzers. We are privileged to be the distributors for many well known brands of indicators that are used in plants and factories all over the world and are famous for their advance technology and software; such brands include Fairbank scales, Rice Lake, Sartorius balance, Mettler Toledo scales, Salter Bracknell, AND weighing, Ohaus scales, HBM load cell, BLH, Sensortronics load cells, Revere transducers, Artech load cell, Dillon force measurement and GSE.
Our expertise in the market with more than 4 generation in the industry makes us extremely knowledgeable, allowing us to provide the best service and products possible. Regardless what type of industry you are involved in we will have the right scales for you to buy.
Featured products
See details
salter-brecknell-pb500-pocket-balance (500g x 0.1g)
The Salter Brecknell precision pocket scales: are great portable and compact pocket scale for those who are seeking the on the go an electronic digital portable scale. Large LCD display helps make the weigh easy to read. With the flat stainless steel weighing pan, clean up is easy. Standard Weighing Modes Includes grams, ounces, pennyweights and troy ounces.
Our Price: US$118.00
Market price: US$130.00
save 9%
See details
shipping-scales-sentronik-bs-400 (400 lb / 181 kg)
New Sentronk Utility Shipping bench Scale: the most accurate and dependable scale with 9volt battery included, will last well over a year with day to day usage or scales will work with an included a/c adaptor. comes with remote digital weighing indicator and long cable. The best feature is the removable digital weight indicator, if you have a large box just remove the weigh indicator and it will stretch out just over two feet from the scale or you can press the hold button and read the weigh after you remove the item from the scales. Also comes with a very easy to read blue backlit digital screen.
Professional shipping scales with weight remote indicator.
Capacity 400 lb x 0.1 lb / 200 kg x 0.05 kg
Platform size 12" x 12" / 30.5 cm x 30.5 cm
Our Price: US$97.00
Market price: US$148.00
save 34%
See details
Sentronik SQB7140-5K Farm Weighing Kit (5K lb)
Sentronik Farm Kit for Animal Scale, fabricated in High Resistance Alloy Steel. These load cells can be used for Animal scale, Tank weighing, weigh bars, floor scales and bench scales. Update your old conventional scale with new electronics. Order our Indicators, power supplies, sensors and mounting brackets to fit your specs.
THE SENTRONIK SE-7500 INDICATOR IS OPTIONAL
Our Price: US$479.00
See details
portable-axle-truck-scale-sentronik-sax
Lighweight with interlocking rubber ramps.
Print axle weight, Gross weight, Time, and Date.
Axle portable axle weigher features:
Low-profile (1.75 inch/44mm high)
design with integral transport handle
Six strain gauge load cell design
Large enough to weigh dual axles
Our Price: US$7638.00
Market price: US$8124.00
save 6%
1. WHY ARE THE SCALES AND BALANCES SO IMPORTANT?
The scales, balances and load cells are essential for ensuring the accuracy of measurements, especially for companies working in production and industrial areas. However, scales and balances are used in many other industries, but also by householders and individuals. The scales and balances are used to measure the mass weigh or weight in consumption of water, electrical energy, but also for measuring the weigh of physical objects. In order to keep the same units all over the world, so confusions won’t be made, international measurements were introduced, and the scales and balances made today must keep count of those matters.
2. WHO CREATE THE WEIGHING INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS?
The international standards for scales, balances and load cell are made by organizations such OIML, NTEP, NIST and ASTM.. Those standards must be made in the area of weigh and mass measuring instruments, but also for control devices for mass, weigh, water, gas, electricity and heat. Once those standards are imposed, the companies producing such instruments must comply with those, and only the best companies are able to do so. It is a pity that so many consumers and buyers of scales, balances and load cell don’t actually check if they buy approved and tested precision weighing balance and scales devices, and this could lead to disastrous effects on the long term.
3.WHAT IS PRODUCT PREPACKING AND WHY SCALES AND BALANCES ARE SO IMPORTANT FOR THIS?
Product pre-packing represents the process of weighing, wrapping and packing materials before those are labeled. The weight content of packages must be measured, in order to determine the quantity of product inside in pounds (lb), kilograms (kg), grams (gr), Ounces (oz) etc. Here, the scales market metrology has an important role. This science allows the producers and authorities to verify the dimensions and weight of all the pre-packed products, and to verify the dimensions of those products using precise scales and balances in the market. For example, detergents, food for pets, ice cream, pharmaceutical products, textile products, beverage market industry, concrete and cement, jewelry like gold, silver, diamonds, animal and cattle farm market production, steel production, chemical products, pharmacy scales, load cell manufacturing, retail industry like super markets, medical applications, frozen aliments, transportation and any other retail product must be verified.
The scales, balances and load cell are important especially in Europe and United States of America, where alcohol and wine is the subject of regulations and special taxes. The quantities must be verified precisely, so the authorities could establish what taxes should be paid by the producers of those market products and services.
4. MODULAR SCALE AND BALANCES FROM SCALE MARKET
The modular weights measurements elements are at the base of automated testing systems. With the help of modular instruments, the engineers can choose a large variety of measuring instruments and data. Moreover, the weighted dimensions must be ready to be transferred in computer programs, where they can be used for multiple purposes.
As the respective instruments are modular and defined with the program, they can be changed at any time and redefined whenever the user needs those. This is why modular scale, balances and load cell respond to the dynamic and testing needs of clients. The virtual measuring instruments can be used for high-speed test, in a virtual environment that depends only of the limits of the computers technology.
The oscilloscopes are used in high precision scale, balances and load cell with a high resolution and precision, which can be modified to meet the demands of clients. Besides those, there are also the signal generators that must be measured from many points of view. As the owner of a production company, you will have to make sure that you are using high precision instruments that would allow you to avoid severe mistakes.
5. WHICH SCALE AND BALANCES BRANDS DO SCALEMARKET BUY AND SALE?
Scalemarket as an international wholesale dealer, have many major scales balances and load cells brands available for immediately delivery, as BuyCardinal scales, Detecto scales, Buy AND weighing balances, Ohaus balance, Buy Sartorius analytical and precision balances, Buy Fairbanks scales, Accuweigh scale, Buy Mettler Toledo weighing products, GSE scales, weightronix Agroindustrial weighing products, Buy Sentronik crane scale, Buy Adam floor scales, Buy Chatillon scales, Cas scale, Buy Dillon Dynamometers, Ametek, Buy Health O meter, Rice Lake, Buy Weighing Systems scales and balances, Seca medical scale, Buy Salter brecknell scale, Torbal pharmacy balances and Torrey price computing scale.
By its great variety and high quality in every product, ScaleMarket is considered the "Universe of the scale, Balances and Load Cells". On this site you will find a host of products with attractive features, where you can serve is to choose which satisfaction will give you, always adjusted to suit your need when weighing. On our site, you also will have great professionals of long experience in the world of different weighing systems, so that you feel the confidence to make the best decision when buying load cells, scale or balances, either to build a complex weighing system for the simplest. We have extensive catalog of products, which are distinguished by the quality hallmark of Scalemarket, which insurance will contribute in business or commercial development which, as every entrepreneur, you are looking for. Our weighing systems aim to simplify your day to day activities, providing precision at every reading of quantity. All our products are tested previously, with the firm intention to ensure all our users a high-quality product, thus diminishing the faults, which supplies optimization in your valuable time. Do not wait any more, if you do not find the solution, we came up with it!
Call for quotes, advice and general information with reference to any of our products, COMPLETELY FREE! You can also have contact in a way Online with any of our professionals for advice details via Skype. Contact us e-mail: contact@scalemarket.com; or telephone through the numbers: +1-305-403 2302+1-305-403 2302
Scales
Balances
Load Cells
Categories
scales
balances
load-cells
weight-indicator
analytical-balance
animal-scale
bench-scale
compact-balance
counting-scale
crane-scale
floor-scale
hanging-scale
mechanical-scale
medical-scale
pallet-scale
pocket-scale
portable-scale
precision-balance
precision-industrial-balance
prescription-balance
shipping-scale
truck-scale
printers
weigh-beams
batch-controller
ready-applications
automation
checkweighing
mass-weights
accesories
compression
double-ended
s-beam
shear-beam
single-point
spare-parts
weighing-assemblies
º brands
more brands
scalemarket catalog
Special
Manufacturers
Special offers
Sitemap
Products Map
Help
Contact us
Why to buy ScaleMarket.com
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
History_Loadcells
Types load cells
The history of the weighing scale
Testing a Load Cell Sensor
International
Wholesale
Regulations and Weigh load cells
Dynamometer
Material Standards
scales repair service miami, FL
Your cart
Cart is empty
Wish list
Authentication
Sign in
Register
Forgot password?
Recently Viewed
troemner individual weight class e1 oiml (1mg - 500mg, 1g - 500g, 1kg - 50kg)
News
A smart shopper, will know that This shop has the best market prices.
BUY DILLON DYNAMOMETERS
The dynamometer was originally invented for the measure of yobbo shortening, and was invented by Englishman George Revivalist (1674-1751) who at the measure was a creation timepiece shaper. After its creativity, the dynamometer was labelled the Dancer Agency. buy at scale market.
The Graham dynamometer write was afterwards restored by cuss Londoner Evangel Desaguliers (1683-1744), who also wrote nigh optics, steam doe, electricity and geophysics. buy at scale market.
The dynamometer later revolutionized by a Sculptor academy member titled Leroy who misused a ornamentation outpouring with an related tag rod that terminated above into a globe. The applied pressing to the globe prefabricated the rob settle into the toy, therefore mark the hostility obtained by pressing the outflow. buy at scale market.
The Dillon Firewood is one of the most groundbreaking and technologically advances manufacturers of dynamometers, S write alluviation cells, tautness weight cells and hanging scales and balances. Their innovative consideration equipment instruments are old in umpteen antithetical types of industries including Sea Docks and Ports as recovered as with troubling obligation machinery in artefact sites.  Whatsoever of the most famous models permit the AP automatic dynamometers and the ED Extremity ornamentation scales and industrial tariff digital indicators. buy at scale market.
AP       EDjunior
AP Dynamometer - Originally organized to measure the condition on ring wires, the Nonhuman hanging touchstone / Dynamometer has proven to eff immensurable versatility as a tautness and weight measuring helper. It is used for much diverse jobs as suspended weighing; mounting cables for bridges; adjusting tension on guy wires; champaign investigating unit, bind, wire-anything requiring precision validity or tenseness mensuration. It comes in 5" (125 mm) diameter AP dynamometer includes a unsmooth ABS impressible feature pillowcase with die-cut effervesce inserts. Capacities of 30,000 lb (15,000 kg) and above are shipped in a heavy-duty reinforced plywood crate. An nonobligatory poise pack cover. buy at scale market.
EDX Dynamometer- The EDxtreme dynamometer is an extremely configurable validness measuring agency. It is ready with elective wireless. A radio-ready EDxtreme dynamometer can be remotely viewed and harnessed by a Dillon Communicator and digital consideration indicator. Broadcast video connects easily to hollow connector on face of way. The EDxtreme may be configured with or without shackles. There umpteen options and design choice accessible, allowing you to make a accommodate designed production. The caretaker responsibility wattage cell reaches capacities of up to 225T (All of the EDx models allow backlight). buy at scale market.
Models are available in capacities from 2500 to 550,000 lbf (1000 to 250,000 kgf). buy at scale market.
EDJ Dynamometer- The EDjunior is all about value. Behind its dolabrate ornament and comfortable functioning, you testament reach the dimension and performance residual not open elsewhere in the low toll extent. With the EDjunior, Dillon proves that efficient scales can go hand-in-hand with quality, yearlong writer spirit and, most importantly, fille hit. buy at scale market.
Models are available in capacities from 2500 to 25,000 lbf (750 to 250,000 kgf). buy at scale market.
Dillon is a reputable firewood that is area cagey and develops grade and inexpensive equipment that fits perfectly into all employed environments. Section present are goldbrick and present is harmless. buy at scale market.
All news
Subscribe
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
Scales
Search:
Advanced search
Select language:GermanEnglishSpanishFrenchItalianPortugueseRussianSwedish
<div class="noscript-warning">
<div class="content">This site requires JavaScript to function properly.<br />Please enable JavaScript in your web browser.</div>
</div>
Powered by ScaleMarket
Copyright © 1999-2015 A Load cell, scale and balance ScaleMarket
CallSend SMSCall from mobileAdd to SkypeYou'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype