https://www.americanhominsp.com
Home
Search for:
Old-fashioned
attention to detail and leading-edge technologies are combined to bring you
inspection and testing services unsurpassed in quality and value!
Welcome
Hello, I’m Chris Werner, owner and
president of American Home Inspections of Dutchess County, NY.  Whether
you are buying a home or business, trying to save on your energy costs, or testing your property for
environmental problems, let American Home Inspections
be your one-stop source for all your inspection and testing
needs.   I proudly serve the NY Mid-Hudson Valley.
American Home Inspections is not part of some large corporation or franchise.
Mine is an
individually owned and operated company dedicated to performing Realty Inspections, Energy Audits, and Environmental
Testing for Real Estate Buyers and Sellers, Homeowners and Commercial Property Owners.  I’m committed to providing
you the  highest
quality and most affordable inspection and testing services available in
the market.  You can count on me to do an excellent job -- my reputation is my livelihood.
Realty Inspections:
Buying a home or commercial property is one of the largest purchases any of us will make in our
lifetime.  How will you know the true quality and condition of the
property you’re buying?  Is the roof going to last?  Are there
electrical problems hiding behind the breaker panel cover?  Will there be water in
the basement after a heavy rain?  Are there wood destroying insects
present?  What sort of maintenance and replacement
items should you be budgeting for?  These are just some of the
questions I can answer for you.
Energy Audits:
What are the savings opportunities?  Is the building envelope leaking
conditioned air to the exterior or un-conditioned spaces?  Is there enough natural air
exchange?  Too much?  Too little?  Is there insulation behind the
walls?  Is it up to Department of Energy standards?  How efficient is the
boiler / furnace?  Are the ducts properly sealed?  My specialized
equipment and testing procedures have helped businesses and homeowners create a
more cost efficient and comfortable environment.  This inspection can help
you save
25% or more on your energy
costs -- year after year!
Environmental Testing:
Whether it's a mold inspection, radon test, etc.,  you can count
on me to handle your inspection and testing needs with expedience and
professionalism.
Special Note:  As an ELAP-certified laboratory authorized
representative,  I'll take care of your
well-water testing needs to meet county and local municipal
requirements, including ensuring that the right agency has your results in a
timely manner.  I'll work around your schedule and even provide AC generator
power if it is needed at the property to run the test.
specialty
inspections: My Child and Elder-care inspections can help you establish and
maintain a safe environment in your home.
Please browse
through my website to learn more about my services.
Insured,
Licensed & Bonded
Contact Information:
Telephone: 845-224-6920
Postal address:
116 Judith Drive, Stormville NY 12582
Last modified: May 30, 2013