https://www.arkbankers.org
Home
Skip to main content
Loading
User Login
Cart
Keyword Search
HomeAbout ABA
Board of DirectorsEmerging Leaders SectionGroup DivisionsMember BanksStrategic Partners & Solutions
Office Depot Program
Contact the ABA
Professional Development
Events & RegistrationOnline Training Partners
BankersEdgeABA TrainingSBS Institute
Graduate Banking Programs
Graduate School Scholarships
Training Resources & Publications
Resource Center
Bank Industry NewsABA Banking Products & Publications
Thumbprint Signature Program
Arkansas Banker OnlineCareer CenterFinancial LiteracyConsumer Resources
Advocacy
ABA BankPacGrassrootsBankers Speak UpGovernment Relations
Membership
Become a Strategic PartnerPartnership Opportunities
UPCOMING EVENTS
Principles of Banking
BSA/AML and OFAC: New Attention To Program...
Currency Transaction Reporting: Line By Line
FBI Alert of Business Email Compromises
Loan Review
Compliance Perspectives: A Monthly Update
Step-By-Step Guidance To Real Estate Loans
Extracting Information From An SSAE16
Addressing Threats of Violence
Welcome To the New World of HMDA
Business Resolutions and Authorizations
Assessing Risk: Are You Missing Any IS...
Basic Business Entities & Other Commercial...
Basic Cash Flow Analysis
Safe Deposit Box Access When Your Renter Dies
Introducing Chip Cards
Banks across the country are issuing credit and debit cards with an embedded computer chip, called EMV or Chip Cards. Implemented to protect against fraud, these cards are equipped with a small computer chip that assigns a one-time code, making every transaction unique and the card more difficult to counterfeit.
A chip card—also known as an EMV card—is your financial institution’s way of adding an extra layer of security when you pay. Chip cards can be used anywhere your other cards are used, but the chip functionality only works at a business that has an activated chip-enabled terminal.
Click here to learn more about Chip Cards and how to use them from the American Bankers Association
Click here to access consumer FAQs from gochipcard.com
Banking News
FHFA Issues Final Ruling on FHLB Membership January 13, 2016
The Federal Housing Finance Agency has issued its final rule changing eligibility for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank system. In a win for ABA and the state bankers associations, the FHFA did not include in the rule a controversial provision requiring all FHLB members to hold at least 1 percent of assets in home mortgage loans and larger members to have at least 10 percent of assets in residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis.
“The statutory requirements for members to continue their commitment to housing finance can be addressed by monitoring the levels of residential mortgage assets they hold and we, therefore, decided not to include the ongoing investment requirements in the final rule,” remarked FHFA Director Mel Watt.
“We are pleased that FHFA listened to the more than 1,300 comment letters from AmBA, state associations and banks opposing this provision,” said AmBA President and CEO Rob Nichols. “There was no demonstrable need for the proposed changes, which contradicted congressional intent and would have harmed the FHLBs, their member banks and the communities they serve.”
The final rule did include restrictions on “captive insurance” companies’ membership in the FHLB system. AmBA, ABIA and state bankers associations had raised concerns that the proposal to ban all captives was overly broad. The groups noted that they do share the FHFA’s concerns over otherwise ineligible entities using captives to gain access to the system but urged a less sweeping approach. The final rule, while still banning captive insurance companies, does appear to allow entities that are otherwise eligible for membership to retain membership in the system. AmBA and ABIA will continue to evaluate all aspects of the final rule.
In October, a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced a bill that would stop the FHFA from implementing any changes to FHLB membership -- including those related to captive insurers -- and require a Government Accountability Office study of the proposal’s effects. The final rule will take effect 30 days after it is published in the Federal Register.
Report: Mobile Banking Users Outpace Branch Customers in 2015 January 13, 2016
Three in 10 bank customers used mobile banking on a weekly basis in 2015, exceeding for the first time the 24 percent who visit branches weekly, according to a new report from Javelin. The share of customers using mobile banking weekly has more than tripled since 2011, while the share of branch customers has continued a slow decline.
“Mobile is on a growth path to unseat PCs to become the ‘first screen’ through which bank customers interact with and judge their primary financial institution,” said Javelin’s Daniel Van Dyke. “FIs will need to continue to innovate to outpace this increasing mobile banking adoption. With fintech start-ups and other vendors entering the space, consumers have more options than ever when it comes to mobile.”
Javelin also found that approximate 25 million U.S. adults -- 1 in 10 -- began using mobile banking in 2015 for the first time. Click here to read more.
FASB Formally Closes Door on Mark to Market Standard January 6, 2016
In a huge win for the industry, the Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued its final “Recognition and Measurement” accounting standard with few changes made to bank accounting. The new standard comes five and a half years after the initial proposal required marking all financial assets and liabilities to market on the balance sheet.
Under the new standard, only changes in the fair value of equity investments will be required to be recorded through income. The standard will also eliminate instances in which gains are recorded merely because a company’s credit rating was downgraded. Banks that do not qualify as “public business entities” may also eliminate their current disclosures of fair value, through PBEs must comply with a more stringent disclosure requirement.
The standard will take effect in 2018, though early adoption will be allowed. AmBA is aware of various banks that hold significant equity investment and is already in the process of talking with bank regulators on the possibility of excluding market value changes from regulatory capital. These talks are expected to continue throughout the transition period. Click here to read more.
Fed Raises Rates for First Time Since 2006 December 17, 2015
The Federal Open Market Committee decided Wednesday to raise the target range for the federal funds rate from near zero to 0.25 to 0.5 percent, due to continued “moderate” economic expansion and steady job gains, according to a statement from the committee. The decision marks the first rate hike since 2006.
The committee said it would take a gradual approach to raising rates. “In determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation.”
The action “shows the Fed is confident that the economy is strong enough to handle a very gradual rise in rates,” said Rob Nichols, adding that “after years at historically low levels, it’s important to head back in the direction of more normal interest rates. Abnormally low rates can have adverse consequences -- especially for savers that may seek out investments that could be too risky in pursuit of a higher return.” Click here to read the FOMC statement.
Read more Bank Industry News
Please help us recognize those individuals who are celebrating their 40-year and 50-year anniversaries of service to our banks by completing and returning the following forms:
50 Year Bankers
40 Year Bankers
Milestone Banks
FS-ISAC Security Update
FS-ISAC Security Information Available to ABA Members
ABA members can now access FS‐ISAC security threat information via the FS-ISAC Weekly Risk Summary Report, designed for community institutions to deliver timely and actionable information on significant security threats.
Click here to access the most recent Weekly Risk Summary Report.
Check out photos from these recent ABA events!
2015 Marketing Conference
Women in Banking Conference
2015 Technology Conference
Quick Links
About the ABA
Professional Development
Resource Center
Advocacy
Membership
Connect
Get Involved
Become a Strategic Partner
Subscribe to The Arkansas Banker
Stay Informed on Banking Issues
Questions?
Call 501.376.3741
Find a Staff Member
Email the ABA Webmaster
Connect With Us!
© 2015 Arkansas Bankers Association
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##