https://www.avbpgh.com
Personal Banking | Allegheny Valley Bank
Skip Navigation
Contact Us   Locations
PERSONAL
BUSINESS
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Products & Services
Checking Accounts
Overdraft Protection
Savings Accounts
Holiday Club
Vacation Club
Money Market Accounts
Card Services
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
CDs
IRAs
Loans
Personal Loans
Home Equity Loans
Home Equity Lines of Credit
Residential Mortgages
Purchase a home
Refinance a home
Building a home
Our Mortgage Lenders
Additional Services
Online Banking & Bill Pay
Mobile Banking
Text Banking
E-statements
Direct Deposit
Telephone Banking
Our Team
Management Team
Retail Banking Team
Residential Mortgage Team
Business Banking Team
Why AVB?
Our Mission
President’s Message
Community Bank
Our Approach
Our History
Who is Allie V?
Customer Center
Common Customer Tasks
Move My Accounts
Ways to Bank with Us
Redeem my Credit Card Reward Points
Overdraft Protection Consent Form
Savings Bonds
Security
Security Guidelines For Your Business
General Online Security Guidelines
Protecting Against Identity Theft
Fraud Awareness
Online Banking & Bill Pay Security Guidelines
Remedying The Effects Of Identity Theft
LOG ON TO E-BANKING
Online Banking
Wealth Management
Forgot your user ID?
New to AVB online? ENROLL
LEARN MORE
APPLY FOR A LOAN
You are now being redirected to
You are leaving www.ilovethatbank.com to visit a web site that is not maintained by Allegheny Valley Bank and where the Allegheny Valley Bank privacy policy does not apply. This link is provided to you for convenience and does not serve as an endorsement by Allegheny Valley Bank of any information or contacts that you may find on this non-Allegheny Valley Bank site. Remember, when you need information about Allegheny Valley Bank products or services, come back to our website.
Yes, continue!
No, cancel!
AVB Mobile
The next generation of Mobile Banking, Mobile Deposit and Text Banking
Low Home Equity Rates
Imagine the possibilities…
The More Things Change, The More They Stay The Same.
Celebrating 115 years of community banking!
Introducing Our New Website
Designed for you. View user friendly tools and tips.
AVB Mobile
Whether you simply want to text us for your balance, or use our App with robust features - we have a solution that fits your needs. Our simple to use, secure mobile solution puts you in command of your finances.
Learn More
Home Equity Loans
Now is the time to make those much needed home improvements, pay for a vacation or a college education. Experience our personal approach to refinancing.  Lock in your low fixed rate today!
Learn More
Surcharge Free ATMs
Allegheny Valley Bank gives you access to over 700 ATMs in over 52 counties extending into New York, Maryland and Ohio with the majority of the ATMs close to home in southwestern Pennsylvania.
Learn More
Home Sweet Home
Whether you are looking to purchase a new home or refinance your current residence, Allegheny Valley Bank offers a variety of mortgage loan programs.
We understand that buying a home can be one of the largest purchases of your lifetime. Surrounding yourself with a trusted community bank can make all the difference.
Let us help you purchase a home that you can afford and provide you with the right financing.
Let's Get Started
Resources
Get Started
Moving your accounts to AVB is easy! We’d be happy to help you get the process started.
What documents do I need to open a personal checking account?
What documentation do I need to apply for a personal loan?
How does Allegheny Valley Bank protect my personal information?
What do I need to know about overdrawing my account?
Get checks fast!  Reorder your personal checks online.
2.75% APR - 15 Year Home Equity Term Loan
2.49% APR - 10 Year Home Equity Term Loan
2.39% APR - 5 Year Home Equity Term Loan
(412) 781-0318
Contact us
Locations
Ways to bank with us
Lost or stolen debit/credit cards
Resources
Investor Relations
Security
Privacy Policy
Order Checks
Freedom ATM Alliance
CRA
FDIC Information
Careers
© Copyright 2015 by Allegheny Valley Bank. All Rights Reserved.
You are now being redirected to
You are leaving www.ilovethatbank.com to visit a web site that is not maintained by Allegheny Valley Bank and where the Allegheny Valley Bank privacy policy does not apply. This link is provided to you for convenience and does not serve as an endorsement by Allegheny Valley Bank of any information or contacts that you may find on this non-Allegheny Valley Bank site. Remember, when you need information about Allegheny Valley Bank products or services, come back to our website.
Yes, continue!
No, cancel!
VCF
I understand that sensitive personal or account data, such as account numbers or social security/tax ID numbers, should only be submitted through the secure messaging system within Online Banking.
Yes, continue!
No, cancel!