https://www.ayahuasca.com
Ayahuasca, homepage of the great amazonian medicine
Ayahuasca.com
Overviews
Spirit & Healing
Experiences
Amazon
Mythos
Science
Botany
Shamanism
Art
Forums
Shop
Contact
Unraveling the Mystery of the Origin of Ayahuasca
For decades, researchers have puzzled over the mystery of the origin of Ayahuasca, especially the question of how the synergy was discovered between the the two components of the brew: the vine (Banisteriopsis caapi) with a monoamine oxidase inhibiting (MAOI) action and the leaf (Psychotria viridis or Diplopterys cabrerana), which requires that MAOI action to make their dimethyltryptamine (DMT) orally active.
Ayahuasca.com is a multi-disciplinary project devoted to the Spirit Vine Ayahuasca, and its home, the great forests of the Amazon. Ayahuasca is a medicinal tea prepared from Banisteriopsis Caapi, a jungle vine, found in the tropical regions of South America, often combined with other plants, commonly Chacruna/Rainha (Queen); Psychotria Viridis.
Ayahuasca has a rich legacy of associated traditions, myths, therapies, rituals and aesthetics, spanning from the primordial roots of the indigenous tribes of South America, to diverse syncretic spiritual movements emerging across the planet.
Information & Discussion
Aya: Awakenings VOD
The groundbreaking shamanic documentary Aya: Awakenings is now available for viewing on Vimeo on Demand: https://vimeo.com/ondemand/ayaawakenings . Featuring the artwork of Pablo Amaringo, Andy Debernardi and more; written by Rak Razam and directed by Tim Parish, video editing by Verb Studios, soundscapes by Lulu Madill and music by Shpongle, Tipper, Darpan, Lulacruza, Maneesh de [...]
Read More
Is Dieta Important?
Exploring traditional and modern aspects of dieta
Read More
Codes of Ethics
Discussion about ethics and ayahuasca, primarily The Plantaforma Code of Ethics (also known as the Code of Ethics for Organizations which Use Ayahuasca in Spain)
Read More
Categories
Amazon
Barquinha
Books
Botany
Creativity
Ecology
Experiences
Featured
Information & Discussion
Law
Mythos
Neurosciences
News
Overviews
Pharmacology, Biochemistry
Physiology, Medicine
Psychology, Psychiatry
Santo Daime
Science
Shamanism
Spirit & Healing
Syncretic Religions
Uncategorized
União do Vegetal
Visual Art
Archives
Select Month
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
January 2014
December 2013
May 2013
April 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
September 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
December 2011
November 2011
September 2011
August 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
October 2010
September 2010
June 2010
May 2010
April 2010
March 2010
January 2010
December 2009
November 2009
September 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
March 2009
December 2008
September 2008
August 2008
June 2008
May 2008
April 2008
March 2008
February 2008
AN OPEN LETTER IN SUPPORT OF THE COFÁN PEOPLE AND AGAINST THE ACTIVITIES OF ALBERTO JOSÉ VARELA
One hundred renowned anthropologists, members of non-governmental organizations, and other specialists who have worked with native peoples in Colombia and nearby regions have signed “The Letter of the 100” an open letter expressing their support for the authorities of the Cofán people in their denunciation of the activities of Mr. Alberto José Varela involving Yajé, [...]
Tweet
CARTA ABIERTA DE APOYO AL PUEBLO COFÁN Y CONTRA LAS ACTIVIDADES DE ALBERTO JOSÉ VARELA
Cien prestigiosos antropólogos, expertos y miembros de ONGS, que trabajan o han trabajado en Colombia con los pueblos originarios, y en ámbitos afines, han firmado “la carta de los 100“ una carta abierta mostrando su apoyo a las autoridades del pueblo Cofán denunciantes de las actividades del señor Alberto José Varela relacionadas con el Yajé (también [...]
Tweet
Representatives of the Cofán people issue a statement about Ayahuasca International
Representatives of the Cofán people have just published a statement about Alberto Varela and his organization: “Ayahuasca International.” For a number of years Varela had claimed to be the recipient of an authorization by the highest traditional authority of the Cofán people: Taita Querubín Queta Alvarado. The 4 page long text exposes how the private [...]
Tweet
Representantes de pueblo Cofán emiten comunicado sobre Ayahuasca Internacional
Representantes del pueblo Cofán acaban de hacer público un pronunciamiento público acerca del señor Alberto Varela y la organización que preside, llamada “AYAHUASCA INTERNACIONAL” y una  supuesta “autorización” que Alberto Varela recibió por parte de la máxima autoridad tradicional del pueblo Cofán Querubín Queta Alvarado. El texto de cuatro páginas expone como la organización privada [...]
Tweet
New York times runs surprisingly balanced report on Santo Daime for rehabilitation of prisoners
“We are considered the trash of Brazil, but this place accepts us,” said Darci Altair Santos da Silva, 43, a construction worker serving a 13-year sentence for sexual abuse of a child under 14. “I know what I did was very cruel. The tea helped me reflect on this fact, on the possibility that one day I can find redemption.”
Tweet
1234567891011...32»
Search for:
Ayahuasca Related News & Media
A collection of items from around the Web on the subject of ayahuasca – by Steve Beyer
Editorial & Direction Ayola Fuchs
Bia Labate
Dennis McKenna
Morgan Maher
Sachahambi
Steve Beyer
Daniel Mirante
Please consider a donation in any amount.
Your support assists with operating costs and
helps keep Ayahuasca.com going strong.
Ayahuasca.com
Exploring Ayahuasca, the healing, creative, botanical and scientific aspects of the Amazonian Great Medicine.
Copyright ownership is retained by respective contributors. Please request permission before reproducing any contents of this website.
The Ayahuasca Forums The Ayahuasca Forums archive and present a diverse and ongoing collection of articles, opinions, research, reviews, testimonials, safety information, links, news and conversation.
Established in 1999, The Ayahuasca Forums brings together individuals, communities, perspectives, insight and support regarding the use of ayahuasca, and the practice and traditions of ayahuasca shamanism.
This website hosts articles written by a variety of contributors. Each contributor assumes full responsibility for the reliability and accuracy of the information contained in each such article, and this website and its editorial board specifically disclaim any responsibility for the content of any article by any of its contributors.
The information on this website is offered for informational use only, and is not intended for use in diagnosing any disease or condition or prescribing any treatment whatsoever.
Read the disclaimer in full
Tagsalberto varela
Amazon
art
Ayahuasca
banisteriopsis caapi
barquinha
beta-carbolines
Cultivation
cultural appropriation
deep ecology
depression
diet
dieta
discovery
DMT
ESC
Ethics
Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council
evolution
Evolver Intensives
food
gaia
Healing
health
history
indigenous
inner mastery
Joshua Wickerham
legality
McKenna
mestizo
Mestre Irineu
origins
plant teachers
preparation
safety
santo daime
scholar readings
Science
Shamanism
shipibo
udv
União do Vegetal
visionary art
visions
Copyright 2016 Ayahuasca.com · RSS Feed
·