https://www.bankerscompliancegroup.com
Bankers Compliance Group
HOME
|
CONTACT
|
LOGIN
|
REGISTER
Search Our Site
Today is: January 14, 2016
Monthly Newsletter
Calendar of Events
Important Updates
BCG Services
What is BCG?
BCG Member    Services & Benefits
Become a BCG Member
Help & FAQs
Aldrich & Bonnefin    (Our Law Firm)
Members Only
Website Member Services    Login
Current Newsletter & Archive
Monthly Telephone Briefing   & Handout Archive
Listen While You Work
Post a Job
BCG Video
Online Event Registration
Non-member Registration
Educational Resources
Upcoming Seminars
Upcoming Webinars
Webinar Archive
Monthly Telephone Briefing
Newsletter Highlights
Bank Directors Education
Directors Certification Program
Directors Certification Update
Directors In-house Training
Compliance Companion℠
Compliance Companion℠ Details
Compliance Companion℠   Subscriber Login
BankersEdge℠
BankersEdge℠ Online   Training Information
BankersEdge℠ Members    Access Procedure
Representative Clients
View Current Job Postings
Industry Resources
BCG Monthly Emailer
What is the BCG    Monthly Emailer?
Join the Monthly    Emailer
The Bankers' Compliance Group® (BCG) is an organization of dozens of independent banks, savings associations, credit unions and other financial institutions who have associated for the purpose of retaining and sharing legal counsel for group legal services.
BCG, celebrating 33 years of service, shares the cost of legal fees on a pro rata basis for monthly briefings, newsletters, all day seminars, Standard Procedure Manuals, telephone access to legal counsel, and special projects that are of common interest to members of BCG.
The law firm of Aldrich & Bonnefin, PLC acts as legal counsel for BCG and provides expertise in all areas of banking operations, regulatory compliance, negotiable instruments, legal process, and account documentation.
"BCG is a valuable resource for Logix Federal Credit Union. As a 10 year member, Logix continues to benefit from the tremendous value offered in BCG training seminars and reference resources (the Standard Procedures Manuals and online Compliance Companion®). The BCG crew not only provides great service, several of their attorneys have volunteered their time providing training to the Credit Union Compliance Professionals Group. Thank you!."Patricia Batka, Logix Federal Credit Union, Burbank, CA
"The Bankers' Compliance Group® is truly remarkable. Not only do they keep the members informed about developments in all areas of regulatory compliance, they advise and teach in an easy to understand manner. They take the 'lawyer ease' away and put the regulations in 'banker's ease.' They've continually exceeded our expectations in their customer service, in their dedication to members and in their response to the legal needs of a community bank."Carolyn Fulton, Exchange Bank, Santa Rosa, CA
Subscribe to BCG's RSS (Really Simple Syndication) feed to get the latest important updates, monthly newsletters and announcements of upcoming BCG events delivered directly to your desktop!
|
Home
|
Contact
|
Sitemap
|
Copyright
© 2014 Aldrich & Bonnefin, PLC - All Rights Reserved