https://www.belarus-online.com
Russian and Ukrainian Mail Order Brides | Marry Your Perfect Russian Women at N.1 Online Dating Site
Tweet
BOOKMARK PAGE|HOME PAGE|LOG IN|SIGN UP
Toll Free USA: +1 (888) 441-1595
Sign Up | Sign-In
Newest Profiles
Ladies Search
Online LadiesNEW
Age: from
to
Be Happy International Online Dating Service
Testimonials
I had a great time! I did not match with any girl this trip,but I do have one excellent possibility and a second dream girl I still am pursuing at…
See more testimonials from our clients...
Alina
Age: 22
Anna
Age: 24
Anna
Age: 20
Elena
Age: 26
About Dating Service
BeHappy
is a worldwide known, trustworthy and reliable Dating and Marriage, Introduction and Romance Tour Company. We specialize in connecting relationship-minded western men with beautiful ladies from Russia, Ukraine, Latin America, Asia, who are searching for love and romance and willing to create a happy family.
Most of the ladies from the above countries do not know English well enough to communicate with western men without assistance, therefore we, Be Happy Intl., provide our clients with translation, mail delivery, phone introduction, dating and some other services.
This is the best place to find your precious lady!
E-MAIL OUR LADIES NOW!
News
08 Jan 2016
BeHappy2Day introduces amazing Natalia from Odessa06 Jan 2016
Orthodox Christmas, January 7th: major holiday in Russia and Ukraine23 Dec 2015
BeHappy2Day introduces charming Anna from Poltava
In The Media
BeHappy2day helps men meet and marry eligible single ladies abroad
Be Happy Intl. initiates telephone and in-person meetings
Premium service BeHappy2Day for dating single overseas women
Featured Ladies
Anna
Age: 29Irina
Age: 32Anastasia
Age: 22Alina
Age: 33Karina
Age: 19Anna
Age: 48
Our Happy Matches
Wayne fell in love with Marina from the very first letter. After several meetings they decided to be together forever. The couple managed to cope with all the difficulties of family life and got married. Read more
Dave and Valeria met each other in 2014, thanks to the professional help of BeHappy2Day Team. Read their happy story to learn more of how they’ve found each other. Read more
Mail Order Brides
Most of us have often heard the term mail order brides quite often if one is regularly using online dating sites. Commonly used by Internet dating services, the mail order bride mostly features women from developed countries who are seeking foreign men for marrying. One can find Latin mail order brides, African mail order brides or Asian mail order brides. But today the focus is Russian mail order brides and mail order brides from Ukraine.
Russian Mail order bride is a tag that is applied to a Russian woman who is single and lists her name in a marriage agency or a catalog that publishes her interest for marrying a foreign man. Some common myths connected with mail order bride services are that most women find a quick way or solution from their poverty or economic conditions of their countries. Most Russian Women who are looking for a life partner want them for emotional rather than economical attachments.
Read more
Well of course it is quite unfair that Russian women are labeled as hungry for money mail order brides who are on the prowl for life partners. In fact most of the Russian women are brought up having strong family values and many of them marry for starting a family. This attitude of having strong family values has seen a tremendous increase of single Russian women getting listed as marriage order brides with several Russian Marriage agencies and with an ultimate goal of marrying a foreign man.
Russian dating services are not exactly like mail order bride services. They just create a platform where one get introduced, communicate and try to help those Russian women who want to connect with their partners. With more and more Russian women who prefer using online dating services, the Russian marriage agencies and Russian mail order brides will get obsolete. Online dating services are not labeled as mail order brides as they have been providing a platform for single women in search of true love.
Russian Brides
In Russia, there are more women than men, and for this very reason Russian brides are willing to get married to foreign men. As the number of single Russian girls increase, men from other countries can also easily get perfect beautiful Russian wives. As the Russian culture standards somewhat resemble the western culture, Russian ladies can easily adapt to other cultures. One can lead a beautiful and very happy life with a Russian bride if you get the right bride as they are very beautiful and feminine in nature. There are several dating and mail order bride agencies that help you not only in finding exquisite Russian mail brides but also elegant Russian women for dating. These agencies are even responsible for planning out meetings or dinner dates with them so that you can understand your potential Russian bride better.
Read more
In Russia, there are more women than men, and for this very reason, the concept of Russian mail brides has gained prevalence throughout the land. As the number of single Russian ladies increases, men from other countries can also easily get a perfect beautiful Russian wife. Moreover, since the Russian culture standards somewhat match with the western lifestyle, Russian wives find it easy to adapt to other cultures. One can lead a beautiful and very happy life with girls from Russia as their bride as they are very beautiful and feminine in nature. There are several dating and mail order bride agencies that help you not only in finding the bride, but also planning out meetings or dinner dates with them if you are interested in Russian women for dating before you consider marriage.
Russian ladies not only take pride as the most beautiful women when it comes to appearance, but they are also loyal, independent, and caring towards their family. Men who have married Russian mail brides are said to lead a considerably happy life with their Russian women. You can always start with looking for hot Russian bride for dating to get a better idea on their personality before you jump into marriage.
Besides having high values on marriage and family relationships, Russian brides don’t tolerate harsh and un-caring men just for the sake of getting married. Don’t think that Russian girls are weak and will tolerate anything for the sake of getting married.
The ladies in Russia are particularly fond of flowers and you should shower your love with flowers on yours and this will fill your life with romance. Don’t ever forget important occasions like Women’s day as that is very popular in Russia and you should fill that day of hers with surprise gifts and flowers. Russian wives, if treated with respect, are bound to make your life very pleasant and romantic.
Featured Ladies
Tatiana
Age: 39Natalia
Age: 24Aleksandra
Age: 25Marina
Age: 32Maria
Age: 26Anastasia
Age: 19Viktoria
Age: 22
View Be Happy International in: Mobile version
Copyright © 2016 Be Happy International
All rights reserved.
Verotel.com is an authorized retailer of BeHappy2day.com
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Ladies:
Search for Ladies
Newest profiles
Ladies with video
Upcoming Birthdays
Popular Names
Mail Order Bride City
Brides by Hair Color
Asian Brides
Latin Brides
Services:
Live Chat
Compare
Date a Lady
Romance Tours
Phone Introduction
Video Call
Flowers & Gifts
Accommodations
English lessons
Tips
Customer Service
Information:
Antiscam Policy
F.A.Q.
Testimonials
Happy Match
Free Video
About us
News
In the Media
Links
Affiliates & Sales partners
Blog