https://www.classicphotos.com
1000s of Vintage Photos of Movie Stars and Classic Sports Celebrities For Sale at classicphotos.com.
Great For Home, Office or Restaurant Decor!
Orders shipped Promptly!
Need a theme for a party? Just click and pick!
To Sports Photos:
Classic shots of celebrities from the 1920s to 1970s in Baseball Photos, Football, Boxing, Golf, and other sports.
Great shots of stars, legends and teams from the past!
To Celebrity Pictures:
Vintage pictures of Hollywood movie stars, rock stars, crooners, comedy, cowboy western stars, and classics from vintage TV shows! Perfect for theme parties!
To Other Historic Photos:
Fascinating historic images, including old motorcycle photos, antique gas stations, billiards, vintage aviation, old cars and trucks, Coca-Cola, Pepsi--what are you looking for?
Questions or comments? E-mail us at: shop@classicphotos.com
Secure Online Shopping
FREE SHIPPING in USA when you order 30 or more photos!
Thousands of classic 8x10 photographs! Browse a huge photo collection of vintage celebrity pictures from Hollywood film, music, comedy, old western movies, actors and television stars from the past!
Price per print is lower when you buy more!
Prices are pro-rated by volume: As low as $3.50 each!
Rita Hayworth
Hundreds of old sports photos, vintage pictures of sports celebrities,sports legends and stars from baseball, football, basketball,golf, boxing, tennis, horse racing--put some history on your wall!
The more you buy, the lower the price.
Satchel Paige
Other historic photos: old motorcycles, vintage Coca-Cola trucks, old cars, policemen, steamboats, hunting, trains--countless fascinating old photos great for decorating your home, office or restaurant!
1920s Motorcycle Cops with Sidecarsin front of a Harley Davidson Dealership.
Fascinating historic interest pictures--great conversation starters: vintage gas stations, old cars and trucks, old store fronts, pool halls, mob bosses, fire trucks, Native Americans and more!
Lucky Luciano
Vintage pictures of your favorite musicians: rock stars,pop, folk music, reggae, big band greats, jazz legends, and country stars from the past!
Prices are pro-rated by quantity--the more you buy, the lower the price!
Louis Armstrong
Pick and click online, or order by phone at:
1-218-365-6219.
Ordering Info
|Volume Discount Info
|Mail or Telephone Orders
|Credit Card Orders
|Shipping Info
FAQs
|Letters From Customers
|Links
This site is maintained by KAT
URL: http://www.classicphotos.com
© 1996-2015 KAT
All rights reserved
A solid Mom and Pop online business since 1996 We appreciate your business!
Last updated: 5/11/2015.