https://www.cognitiveliberty.org
CNS Productions | A Leader in Drug Education Since 1980
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Welcome to CNS Productions!
Log In
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
CNS Productions, Inc.
Call Us: (800) 888-0617
0 item(s)
Log In
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Search:
Search
Categories
Addiction DVDs
DVDs
Multimedia Packages
Addiction Textbooks
Uppers, Downers, All-Arounders
Text Book Bonus Material
Graphic Novellas
Students
Student Registration
Student Login
Join Student Group
Textbook Support
Instructors
Login Page
Instructor Registration
Order Exam Copy
FAQs
Resources
Links
Glossary
References
Resources Listing
Blog
YEAR END SALE!
Beyond Opiates
DVD and Graphic Novella Combo Packs
A new perspective on the science of pain, explaining how extended use of prescription painkillers results in magnifying rather than diminishing pain.
Learn More
Uppers, Downers, All Arounders
8th Edition, Drug Education Textbook
Online Instructor Support
Student Study Guide
Sample Tests
Available in Paperback or EBook
Instructional Videos for Each Chapter
Order an Exam Copy of the Book
Monthly Special
2-for-1 DVDs
Buy one DVD from our monthly special list and get another of your choice FREE. Build your DVD library with spectacular savings!
Learn More
Reflections in the Rear View Mirror
Moving on from a DUI
A compilation of five videos designed to help facilitate group interaction. Individuals cited for driving under the influence share their experiences along with perspectives from law enforcement personnel and treatment professionals.
Learn More
Addiction
EDUCATION DVDs
Meet
Darryl Inaba
Latest Podcasts
Caffeine, E-Cig news, Zohydro and other Opioid news and death
May 8, 2014
Coffee and cigarettes have long been a part of the morning ritual ... now we have concerns about actual coffee/caffeine addiction.
E-cig news includes a study earlier this year, finding cancer indications like tobacco, especially snuff, from using e-cigarettes. However, the study used specially prepared lung cells, not humans. And the FDA has released its draft regulations for e-cigarettes, prohibiting their sale to minors, requiring warning labels, and asking that new device be submitted to the FDA for testing and evaluation.
Several more stories about opioids and heroin. Peaches Geldof, the daughter of Irish rocker Bob Geldof (Boomtown Rats) and founder of
Band-Aid , has died unexpectedly of a heroin overdose. Also there are a number of stories about pregnant women using and being addicted to prescribed opioids as well as heroin. And the protests continue about Zohydro, the new Vicodin-like medication that is 10 times stronger, and contains no acetaminophen.
Overview of Treatment, Brain Area Tied to Problem Gambling
April 21, 2014
An overview of where treatment is at, and where it might be headed. A recent NBC series featured Tom McLellan, Deputy Director of the government Office of Drug Control Policy. A much respected addiction research psychologist at the University of Pennsylvania, he found that treatment in general was in a sorry state, and he founded the non-profit Treatment Research Institute, aimed at developing science-based solutions to addiction. We also look at new research from the University of Cambidge which has identified the insula cortex as being an area where, when its overactive, lead compulsive gamblers to "chase their losses.'
MJ Reports,
Legalizing CBD, Mandatory Sentence Attitudes, Phone Apps for Recovery
April 9, 2014
Reports on medical and recreational marijuana and their business aspects frpm Darryl, who spoke recently at a
conference in Hawaii. Utah is in the process of legalizing the medical use of "Charlotte's Web," the compound made of non-psychotropic molecules from marijuana. Pew Research released a report showing that public views on mandatory drug sentences have changed, with more than half now saying they should be modified and reduced, and wanting to see more treatment available.
A Virginia-based company received FDA approval for
an automatic injector of the opioid overdose antidote, naloxone, specifically tested and intended for use by caregivers, family members, or coworkers. And a new smartphone app for alcoholics in recovery, nicknamed A-CHESS, is being being developed and tested by the University of Wisconsin in Madison and others.
Click Here to See All Podcast
CNS Productions, Inc.
CNS Productions produces one of the leading drug education textbook for college and university level drug and addiction education classrooms - Uppers, Downers, All Arounders: Physical and Mental Effects of Psychoactive Drugs, 8th Edition. In addition, CNS Productions provides support and teaching aids to assist instructors, including student study guides, instructional support videos for every chapter in the book, sample tests, online educational and interactive crossword puzzles, as well as both paperback and eBook versions of the textbook.
Our comprehensive video library of educational substance abuse DVDs is used by addiction counselors in their practices as substance abuse treatment and drug identification tools. Professional drug education instructors use these and specialized videos as counselor education and training tools.
CNS Productions Events
No Events Scheduled at this Time
Check back later.
Click Here to See All Events
Information
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Credit Application
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us
Glossary
ABOUT CNS
About CNS Productions, Inc.
About Darryl Inaba
About William Cohen
MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
View Cart
CONTACT US
11 Almond Street,
Medford, OR 97504
(800) 888-0617
Open Monday - Friday
8am - 4pm ~ Pacific Time (USA)
© 2012 CNS Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.