https://www.contactvip.com
Contact celebrities - Over 63.000 celebrity addresses and more
Home Log In F.A.Q. Testimonials About Us Contact
Welcome!
You can start sending letters to your favorite celebrity in minutes.
End the search for accurate celebrity contact addresses today!
Since 2006 we have collected the largest celebrity address database, with more than 63.000 accurate celebrity contact information. If you are looking for today's hottest movie stars, television stars, music artists, bands and political figures we have them. Most of the information we have cannot be found anywhere else.
Our members have received thousands of autographs from their favorite celebrities. There are over 70 charitable organizations using our database to manage their celebrity contact addresses. Read the testimonials to find out about the success stories our members have shared.
Join ContactVIP.com now and gain unlimited access to our searchable celebrity address database. If you are looking for someone in particular use the search box below and see if we have the contact information you want.
CVIP Is Perfect For
Fans and autograph seekers
Ask your favorite celebrities for autographs or simply send them fan letters. Celebrity autographs are a great product to sell on EBay
Authors and writers
Send your movie scripts to tens of producers and celebrities with surprising results.
Charities and nonprofit
Many celebrities are involved in charitable organizations. We can help you identify celebrities that might contribute to your charitable organization
Marketing and PR
Get instant access to any producer, publicist or celebrity and ask them to help you market your product.
What do you get when you join?
Instant online access to our full searchable, celebrity contact database
Stop searching the Internet for outdated contact information from unreliable sources. We work everyday to keep our database up to date. Our contacts in the entertainment industry can find almost any contact information you may be looking for.
Unlimited celebrity searches
Search the contact addresses for over 63000 celebrities. In addition we also list the main representatives for each celebrity and the companies they are working for.
Celebrity address free request
If you can't find what you are looking for on our database we will try to find the information for you. We have trained people doing this 8 hours/day and we have become very effective in finding celebrity addresses.
"5 Tips to get autographs" report
This report comes free with each membership and it is intended to help our members avoid the mistakes most autographs seekers make when sending letters to celebrities. This report alone can increase the autograph requests success rate by 500%
Celebrity representatives contact information
We list contact information of agents, lawyers, publicists and other celebrity representatives to help you reach your favorite celeb
Celebrity database updates everyday
We have a team that constantly updates our celebrity database, adding new addresses, removing bad ones, finding new addresses for our members.
Your own online celebrity list
Simply browse our celebrity database and add celebrities or representatives to your Online Celebrity List so you will be able to find them fast the next time you log in.
Complete information on how to contact your favorite celebrities
Don't make the same mistakes others have made. Let us teach you how to get celebrities to answer your letter.
Excellent customer service
We will answer any of your questions within one business day
VIP Search
What Our Clients Say
"I couldn't believe my eyes when I received an invitation to the Robbie Williams concert in London. I wrote a letter to his contact address asking for an autograph and saying how much his music really means to me. I guess he saw I am from London and he sent me a signed autograph and an invitation to his concert. I already had tickets, but receiving the invitation made me feel happier."
Clifford Parmer - London
Latest Updates
Wednesday, 13 Jan 2016
Added: Raul Francisco Cardinal Primatesta, Cristina Ortiz, Michael Olowokandi, Friedrich G St Florian, Kenneth M Jastrow II;
Updated: Carolyn Murphy, James Hetfield, Frederic M Poses, Eduardo Cardinal Martinez Somalo, April U Larson;Tuesday, 12 Jan 2016
Added: Dave Ferraro, Eunice Cole;
Updated: Stephen J (Steve) Berry, Robert F Goss, Michael Guillen;Monday, 11 Jan 2016
Added: Obba Babatunde, Vendetta Red, Ernie Reyes Jr, Edwin Schlossberg;
Updated: Danny Aiello;Sunday, 10 Jan 2016
Added: Kevin Bernhardt, Jodie Sweetlin, Janet Hubert-Whitten, David Strathairn, Joe McDonald;
Updated: Tanya Foxx, William Bennett, Lorenzo Lamas, William Lucking, Pat Carroll;Saturday, 09 Jan 2016
Added: Elmo Boyd, Tom Barndt, Lamar Chapman;
Updated: Reuben Gant, Tara Gerard, Dalva Allen;Friday, 08 Jan 2016
Added: Ken Phelps, Jeannine Braden, Charles Chatman, Keith Lampard;
Updated: Elin Litzinger;Thursday, 07 Jan 2016
Added: Blake Wheeler;
Updated: Dhanapal, Samuel D (Sam) Wyche, Steve Korcheck;Wednesday, 06 Jan 2016
Added: Almee Mann, Twila Paris, John H Laragh, Brian Johnson;
Updated: David Hume Kennerly, Assed Mohamed Otman;
Home Privacy
Terms & Conditions
F.A.Q.
Testimonials
About Us
Copyright
Contact
Copyright © ContactVIP 2006 - 2012