https://www.cpmstar.com
CPMStar - The Online Advertising Network Devoted To Gamers
Approved
advertising network partner.
Game and Youth Oriented Advertising Network
CPMStar is the Oldest and Largest Ad Network in the Games and Youth oriented Entertainment space.
CPMStar connects brands and game publishers with the largest audience of game players globally across multiple platforms.
As gaming has become increasingly popular,
CPMStar now leads the space with heavy engagement across all devices to create a unique emotional
connection for brands and the best quality player acquisitions for game publishers.
Target audiences by channel, genre, geo-target, device and
gamer type.
See some of our High Impact Ad Units
CPMStar operates our own proprietary ad server specifically built to deploy targeted and powerful placements that result in class-leading ROI.
Superior ad serving tech combined with detail oriented personal campaign management and close relationships with the websites will result in a
succesful campaign.
CPMStar has created effective online campaigns for the top names in gaming and brands looking to reach a specific relevant audience.
With our massive reach and strong focus on gaming we can confidently create a campaign to achieve and surpass your goals.
GSN Games is #1 for Online Gaming Unique Visitors and Reach on comScore!
We provide exceptional results for a variety of advertisers:
Online Games
MMORPG
Browser Games
Virtual World
Social Gaming
Retail Games
PS3
XBox
Wii
PC
DS
Entertainment
Movies
TV
Music
Anime/Comic
Brands
Telecom
Cereal
Toys
Electronics
Candy
Casino
CPMStar's highly skilled creative department can assist in the creation of banners or the high impact custom units if interested.
*CPMStar does not accept affiliate advertisers or offers.
Publishers: Monetize Your Gaming Website
It pays to use CPMStar to monetize your gaming website
CPMStar is the only network out there that will actually improve the quality of
your site by showing ads that interest your audience because the ads themselves
are focused on games and gamers. Your users will see appealing motion graphics representing
the world's highest quality games and entertainment. This translates to happier
users and higher income for your site. We use our own proprietary ad server that
is constantly optimizing to maximize your profits.
Our terms are simple and require no exclusivity or long term obligations, our payout
rate is tops, and we pay Net 30 with a low $1 minimum. Game, Videos, Humor, Community,
Movie, and many other online entertainment categories generate strong revenue on
our network.
Discover what many of the web's biggest game sites, like Newgrounds, Armorgames,
MMOHut and Artix Entertainment have all found: it pays to use CPMStar! Check out
some of our Custom Ad Units.
Game Developers: Sponsorship
Check out our Game Sponsor Program!
CPMStar offers a Game Sponsor Program where we help make the process of working with sponsors easy and efficient while
generating high end revenue for you and your great games.
Once you have an approved sponsor, simply enter your sponsor code when applying the game in your account , and you are
well on the way to monetizing your game with top paying, high quality in-game ads. If you prefer not to use a sponsorship
code from one of our partners we will provide you one upon sign up.
Please feel free to reach out to us if you have any questions regarding the program.
We are partnered with top Sponsors
and Developers such as:
ArmorGames.com
NewGrounds.com
NotDoppler.com
PlayHub.com
BelugerinStudios.com
FreeGamesJungle.com
And Many More!
Mobile Publishers and App Developers
It pays to go MOBILE - Monetize your mobile sites and apps
We offer a variety of
ways to integrate your mobile-optimized site or mobile app into our high-paying
ad network.
Choose from a selection of MMA approved ad sizes:
216x36 Banner
300x50 Banner
320x50 Banner
300x250 Static
Expandable Banner
HTML 5 Video
Mobile Advertising
Spread your message on a network reaching 8 million global and 1.5 million US unique
mobile users every month.
Mobile Brand Advertising
Target the growing sector of mobile smartphone and tablet users to reach your audience
wherever they go. Our intelligent ad serving technology uses geo-targeting and device
detection that matches your marketing criteria.
Mobile App Promotion
Market your mobile game or app to the largest network of web destinations for gamers.
We are dedicated to delivering cost-effective results by offering various performance-based
pricing and strategies that meet your needs.
Can't access
your account?
© 2015 CPMStar, A GSN Company
All Rights Reserved.
Home
Advertisers
Publishers
Developers
Mobile
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Custom Ad Examples
Ad Types