https://www.csb4me.com
Ellenberger Auctions Estates Home Page
.
Ellenberger Auctions & Estates
Your Estate, Consignment and Charity Auction Company
Your Subtitle text
Home Page
Auction Schedule
Consignmt Auction 011716
Consignmt Auction 013016
Consignmt Auction 020616
Consignmt Auction 021416
Contact Us
Why Sell At Auction
Contract
Sign-up For Emails
Terms And Conditions
Charity Auctions
See Us At Work
Past Auctions
Consignmt Auction 112115
Consignmt Auction 120515
Consignmt Auction 121915
Consignmt Auction 010216
Home Page
Auction Schedule
!!! Please Check Auction Schedule For Times And Locations !!!
ALWAYS CALL!!! BEFORE DROPPING OFF ITEMS @ 303-663-7491
Always Accepting New Consignors.
Drop Off Hours Week of Auction Wednesday-Friday 9:00AM to 5:30PM.   Other Weeks Please Call For Time and Location to Drop Off.
We are now booking 2015 and 2016 Auctions for onsite, Storage, Consignment and Charity. Please call for more information.
Owners Scott & Lori of Ellenberger Auctions & Estates are from the Elbert, Douglas County areas. We are a Full Service Colorado Auction and Estate Liquidation Company providing onsite and Auction House services. We can accept Full Estates or Consignments from one item to Full Households. We will do an Auction at your location or bring your items to our Auction at the Consignment Auction Location. We also offer turn key liquidation services that can take care of all your needs. We service from Denver Metro to Colorado Springs including all the Colorado Eastern slope area.
*Member of the Colorado Auctioneer Association.
*Graduate of Western College of Auctioneering
Auctioneers
Scott Ellenberger     303-663-7491
Tyson Newhouse     303-663-7491
Before you make the decision on liquidating your estate or selling your collections, be sure to consult with Ellenberger Auctions and Estates. You will be amazed at how easy it is to have our team work for you to make this a great experience and take all the work and stress away.
Ellenberger Auction company has a great deal of auction and liquidation experience. The staff has an accumulated 40 years of combined experience. We have conducted hundreds of successful auctions in Castle Rock, Elizabeth and surrounding areas and will always put you our customer first.
As always please feel free to contact Scott or Lori for any questions you may have or to set up an appointment.
Ellenberger Auctions & Estates will also provide turn key estate liquidation service. In working with Ellenberger Auctions, we are able to provide a variety of services that sets us apart from the other auction companies. We can handle whole house liquidation (brought to our location) or complete on site auction services.
Ellenberger Auctions and Estates is always seeking quality consignments. Here is a great, fun and trouble-free way to turn your items into cash!
Ellenberger Auctions & Estates  offers a complete range of estate services:
Professional Auction House environment and Estate Auction sales, for all your liquidation needs
Local and National advertising for consignment, estate and estate liquidation auctions
Storage Auctions
Onsite Auctions
Charity Auctions
Complete itemized accounting of all auctions, estate, consignment and liquidation transactions for all Customers
Onsite pickups
No out of pocket upfront charges
Our Consignment & Estate Auctions are always open to the public.
If you have only one item to be sold, or an entire estate, Ellenberger Auctions & Estates in Castle Rock, Colorado provides a way to meet your needs.
Our auction service in Castle Rock, Colorado specializes in a variety of antique and collectible items, including but not limited to:
Pottery, Art, Firearms, Antiques of all kinds, Books, Ephemera (old paper), Pottery, China, Estate Jewelry, Vintage photos, Clocks & Watches, Coins, Stamps, Toys, Trains, Glassware, Furniture, Gold, Sterling Silver, Antique furniture and quality Furniture, Militaria, Mining collectibles, Fishing items, Antique signage, Old locks & keys, Memorabilia of all kinds, Autographs, Vintage Items, Musical instruments, Collectibles, Guns, Knives and many other items not listed. Please see our contact page for more information.
Content copyright . Ellenberger Auctions & Estates. All rights reserved.