https://www.cyberjuegos.com
CyberiaPC.com - Sharing knowledge, learning from others
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
» Site Announcements
Welcome back, it's been one hell of a week
Sincere apologies for the recent spam attacks
Regarding the recent outages, and other news
The arcade has been reset
Computer Ninja Challenge: Prizes worth $200
» Recent Forum Posts
Customer Appointment Manager
Power jack
New headphone jack for Laptop
Networking 2 locations
????
» Controversial News
Zii - everything you know is about to change
Recession: the best thing to ever happen to so
Browser Competition!
BBC Sport pulls a CNN.com; leaves out quotes
Norton Removal Tool, Symantec's best produ
Resources
Community Forums
Video Game Gallery
OSs and Kernels Guide
Software Projects
Zenith Picture Gallery
Simplified PDP-8 Simulator
Worst XSLT Editor Ever
AAScripter
Older Projects
Tutorials, Articles, etc.
Photoshop and ImageReady Tutorials
Creating collapsible elements
Contributing to Rainbow's Stitch Adaptation Language
The Novice Eclipse Plug-in Developer's Help-sheet
Automating the Human-Involved Parts of CURE
Analysis Tool Evaluation: Coverity Prevent
Migrating from AMS to UAPM using API's
Entertainment
Shockwave Flash Games
Java Games
Funny/Stupid Jokes
Funny Pictures
Windows 98 Crash Clip
Steve Ballmer's Entrance
Man vs. Machine
More video clips...
Ancient Sections
Visual Basic and C++
Introductory Flash
Classic Computer Systems
Speed up your PC
Solve your PC Problems
Utilities Archive
Applets and Animations
The Dizzy Page
ASCII Art
DO NOT CLICK HERE
Software Easter Eggs
Other
Guest Book
Affiliated Websites
Honors and Mentions
About CyberiaPC.com
Contact us
Add to Technorati Favorites
RSS Feeds
Late(st) News
Zenith Picture Gallery
Most Recent Community Posts
Tips, Tricks and Other Useful Stuff
An Illustrated Book of Bad Arguments
Top Stories
TPB - Legit?
The Pirate Bay has been purchased and is perhaps looking to go legit. Software company Global Gam... »
Wednesday, July 01, 2009
True IPhone Killer: PSP(P)?
The newest version of Sony's PlayStation Portable isn't even on sale yet, but the company... »
Tuesday, June 30, 2009
Well, you've been waiting six months for this
That's right, it's been six months since the news forum saw any activity.
And right now,... »
Tuesday, December 02, 2008
Games Headlines
StarCraft II Beta - 4-6 Mo's
Tuesday, June 30, 2009
Smash Bros. goes platinum
Monday, March 10, 2008
Nintendo aids retirees
Friday, February 01, 2008
EA snags up BioWare and Pandemic
Sunday, October 14, 2007
Halo declared dead
Monday, October 08, 2007
TGS 2007: MGS, Wii top Konami press event
Wednesday, September 19, 2007
Main Headlines
Space station toilet breaks down, bladders erupt
Posted by usr.c on Wednesday, May 28, 2008 (6:45 AM)
From CNN.com: "The international space station's lone toilet is broken, leaving the crew with almost nowhere to go. So NASA may order an in-orbit plumbing service call when space shuttle Discovery visits next week.
Until then, the three-man crew will have to make do with a jury-rigged system when they need to urinate.While one of the crew was using the Russian-made toilet last week, the toilet motor fan stopped working, according to NASA. Since then, the liquid waste gathering part of the toilet has been working on-and-off.
Fortunately, the solid waste collecting part is functioning normally.
Russian officials don't know the cause of the problem, and the crew has been unable to fix it.Read the full article here.
Read full article |
3 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Phoenix Spacecraft Beams Home First Images of Mars
Posted by usr.c on Monday, May 26, 2008 (10:17 AM)
From Space.com: "NASA's Phoenix Mars Lander has returned its first images from the surface of Mars, showing that the probe's vital solar arrays have successfully deployed and giving scientists their first up-close glimpse of the Martian arctic surface.Phoenix landed in a northern polar region of Mars called Vastitas Borealis late Sunday, with mission controllers here at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) receiving their first signals from the spacecraft at about 7:53 p.m. EDT (2353 GMT).The first image Phoenix was instructed to take was of its solar arrays so that engineers could make sure the craft was getting power. The batteries Phoenix flew in on have only enough power to last about 30 hours, which would have significantly hampered the lander' (continued...)
Read full article |
2 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Apple sued for Mighty Mouse trademark infringement
Posted by usr.c on Saturday, May 24, 2008 (4:12 PM)
I think it might be time to get the front-page news going again after a very long hiatus.
One of the stories this past week has been that a company called Man & Machines has decided to sue Apple for trademark infringement.
As it turns out, Man & Machines is claiming that it has been using the name "Mighty Mouse" for their line of mice a whole year before Apple started selling theirs.
Why it's taken them so long to realize this is anyone's guess.
Maybe they're going through a rough time and are in dire need of some cash.
Who knows.And while we're on the issue of Apple's Might Mouse...mice, why didn't it cross their marketing people's minds to just call it something like iSoapBar or iRidiculouslyWeirdLookingAndUnErgonomicExcuseOf (continued...)
Read full article |
2 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
German director story motivates layman to post
Posted by usr.c on Tuesday, April 08, 2008 (7:40 AM)
I can't remember when it was that I last posted something here, well, actually I can; it was December 2007, but after reading a bizarre article this morning I couldn't help but share it.
I was reading slashdot as I do every morning when I came across a /film article about a German guy called Uwe Boll who had announced that he'd stop making movies if one million people asked him to.Naturally, I asked myself: who on earth is Uwe Boll?
It turns out he's the director responsible for game-to-movie adaptations such as House of the Dead, Alone in the Dark, BloodRayne and a few others, which according to the IMDB are among the less than successful movies the worldwide film industry has produced.
But I've not seen them, so I won't judge the guy, and besides that's not the reason for making this post.The reason for this post, and the reason wh (continued...)
Read full article |
2 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Wikipedia in money trouble as funds wear thin
Posted by Mario on Monday, March 10, 2008 (9:32 PM)
From the LA Times: "The new headquarters of one of the world's most popular websites is 3,000 square feet of rented space furnished with desks and chairs bought on the cheap from EBay and Craigslist.A sheet of printer paper taped to the door says the office belongs to the Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit that runs Wikipedia, the online almanac of anything and everything that users want to chronicle, from Thomas Aquinas to Zorba the Greek.With about 300 million page views a day, the site by some estimates could be worth many hundreds of millions of dollars if it sold advertising space. It doesn't. Wikipedia's business plan is, basically, to hold out a tin cup whenever it runs low on funds, which is very often."This is a very inter (continued...)
Read full article |
1 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Sign soul to Microsoft, check. Win 15000, check. Wait wha?
Posted by Mario on Friday, February 15, 2008 (2:25 AM)
Microsoft battles Vista perception issues with $15,000 prize: How much do you love Windows Vista? A little bit? Oh, not at all huh? Well what if you were offered the chance of winning an entertainment package worth $15,000 to spend 30 minutes of your precious time looking at why Windows Vista is just so damn fantastic? Ah…thought that might change things.....Fact or Fiction?But wait, there’s more! Every participant goes into the draw to win an admittedly very drool-worthy entertainment package worth $15,000 consisting of a Samsung 52” LCD TV, Sony home theatre gear and an XboX 360 Elite. Very not bad. Plus there’s secondary prizes of Xbox 360 Pro units.Article @ APCMagMy Tho (continued...)
Read full article |
7 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
LEGO turns 50, Google celebrates too
Posted by Mario on Monday, January 28, 2008 (8:30 PM)
LEGO brick curiosities:* There are about 62 LEGO bricks for every one of the world's 6 billion inhabitants.* Children around the world spend 5 billion hours a year playing with LEGO bricks.* More than 400 million people around the world have played with LEGO bricks.* LEGO bricks are available in 53 different colors.* 19 billion LEGO elements are produced every year.* 2.16 million LEGO elements are molded every hour, or 36,000 per minute.* More than 400 billion LEGO bricks have been produced since 1949.* Two eight-stud LEGO bricks of the same color can be combined in 24 different ways.* Three eight-stud bricks can be combined in 1,060 ways.* There are more than 915 million combinations possible for six 2 x 4 LEGO bricks of the same co (continued...)
Read full article |
5 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Google logo celebrates January 1st - TCP/IP
Posted by Mario on Tuesday, January 01, 2008 (8:42 PM)
"1/1: On this day in history, transmission control protocol.
Did you know? TCP/IP is the basis of almost all Internet communication, and it was adopted by ARPANET on January 1. ARPANET was the ancestor of the modern Internet.The TCP/IP Handshake: Take a look at the confetti at the bottom of the Google logo, "SYN SYN ACK ACK." is part of the "TCP/IP handshake.""Make sure you celebrate it!
1/1 TCP/IP Articlehttp://www.google.com/logos/newyear08.gif (continued...)
Read full article |
3 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Top 10 IT-related disasters of all time
Posted by usr.c on Friday, November 30, 2007 (2:25 AM)
What happens when software goes wild?
An $8 billion satellite-carrying rocket blows up, the world is nearly nuked back into the stone ages, and millions of phone calls go unanswered.
Check out the list here.
Read full article |
2 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
Report: TOR being abused by agencies and groups
Posted by usr.c on Wednesday, November 21, 2007 (1:02 PM)
According to a report published by Swedish researcher Dan Egerstadt, preying eyes may be spying on your transmitted data once you flick that TOR switch on, reminding us once again that plug-in security, as one slashdot reader put it, is non-existent.
More here and here.From heise Security: "By publishing his TOR hack, Swedish researcher Dan Egerstadt recently provided users with a timely reminder that The Onion Router (TOR) anonymisation network should be enjoyed with caution. By setting up five exit-nodes, Egerstad sniffed out large amounts of e-mail access data from embassies and government agencies and publishe (continued...)
Read full article |
2 comments
Digg this topic
Add to my del.icio.us
© 2000-2009
CyberiaPC.com,
Ali Almossawi. Privacy Policy.
Send us your suggestions, complaints, secret plans for world domination, etc!
2007_v1 theme created by the admin on Dec 31, 2006