https://www.daeluin.net
DaeLuin :: Welcome to the World of DaeLuin
Welcome to DaeLuin on behalf of the community and staff!
DaeLuin is a freeform forum-based RPG set in a realm of spell casting and swordplay. Gods and Goddesses walk beside mortals, heroes battle for glory, and airships, floating cities, and ancient ruins are the norm. Opportunities are limited only by your imagination.
Our top priority is your happiness, and we strive to keep our members entertained and having fun. Our leveling system, battle arena, and numerous shops are sure to keep you interested. Out-of-character forums provide a relaxed place to chat about anything, even if role-playing is not your primary interest.
So come and join over 9000 members, have fun, and see where your imagination takes you!
Navigation
Forums
Rules
FAQ
Maps
Guilds
Shops
Donate
Login
Username:
Password:
Auto Login:
New to DaeLuin?
Featured Member
Bellator lucis
View Profile
View RP Posts
View All Posts
Affiliates
-:Affiliates Apply Here:-
Avalon
Imythess
RPGRealms
Spirits of Earth
Recent Announcements
The Stormweaver
General Changes
Quite a few things!
-Updated the Mooncrest description
-Archived Nidhrir's Bones due to DL changes
-Archived Ice Isle Cave and added its description to the Ice Isle
-Archived Sunken Ruins due to inactivity
-Archived Bittersweet Field due to inactivity
-Archived Twilight Fantasy Fayre due to inactivity
-Added a Conclave FAQ to the info
-Added the Conclave to the Lore forum
-Edited the past GGA list to make it a reference text
-Bellator lucis is the new featured member!
Jaci
The Blessed Have Arrived!
The Blessed have Arrived!
New Gods and Goddesses have risen to power in DaeLuin, and we all know that deities like to mess with the world!
They are watching over the lands and picking out their favourites, or perhaps even their least favourites, and granting them temporary blessings!
The Blessed is a new leadership position that has replaced the GGA.
This position lasts for six months.
The Blessed is a position that is open to interpretation.
Those who apply will choose their own place in society, rather than e... Read More
Jaci
General Changes
Finally archived the old Temples and Shrines :P
The Stormweaver
[The New Conclave!]
(Removed image so I wouldn't break the portal, will return soon!)
Behold! The Conclave of DaeLuin.
Wisdom – Ythriel the Wise
Alignment: True Neutral
Ythriel is a High Elf that lives within the Mooncrest Volcano. The Great Library, her temple, is built within the crags and rocks towards the ocean. She stands six feet tal... Read More
Jaci
General Changes
One of the site wide changes occurring with the rebirth of DaeLuin!
The Stormweaver and Carla have elected to step down from their GGA positions to make way for a new and upcoming system.
They may post with their GGA positions over the next few weeks just to finalise their plots, but other than that, the GGA system has officially been taken down.
Edited the following info forums to remove GGA stuff:
DaeLuin Rules
Guide to the FAQs
Guide for Newcomers
Guide on Rules
FAQ - Staff
FAQ - Character Creation Guide
FAQ- Dead Zones
If you find any other references to GGA that are out dated, please let me k... Read More
Zarath
General Changes
Added give and trade links to user profiles. These may be moved later on.
Zarath
General Changes
Re-uploaded all the user images.
Like DaeLuin
Poll
Opinion of the DaeLuin map?
Love it!
24%
[19]
New Map
25%
[20]
Needs Changes
28%
[22]
Don't Care
1%
[1]
...COOKIE!!!
20%
[16]
Total of 78 votes
Achievements
Isleen Amara has earned Word Novice.
Ethan Shadowborn has earned Stalked.
Bellator lucis has earned Word Intermediate.
Solame has earned Post Novice.
Neveah has earned Word Master.
Kisalina has earned Savings Galore.
Relationships
Kiba and The Stormweaver are now married!
Vander Amandil and Arlayna Amandil are now married!
BladezX and Aaryona Rose are now divorced!
DarkBeauty and Haden are now married!
Rashia and No_Where_to_Turn are no longer living together!
Serene and Count Simon de Montefort are now married!
Phasing Info
Kaerue has been invaded! Magic is nullified completely.
Kaerue is under attack! Magic is faultering within.
Kaerue has beaten the spawns and restored magic.
Kaerue has been invaded! Magic is nullified completely.
Kaerue has beaten the spawns and restored magic.
Kaerue has been invaded! Magic is nullified completely.
Disable Portal
Copyright © 2004-2008 - Welcome - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy