https://www.gagner.ch
Christian singles and dating site - Funky Fish
Already A Member? Login | Free sign up
Read the latest funky news!
Are you looking for new Christian friends or a relationship?
Then this is the place to be!
Funky Fish is a popular community amongst Chrisitans
Emailing, blogging and chatting is for free on Funky Fish
dating and friendship, christian style
Try it and create a profile!
Home
Christian churches
Already a member? Sign in below to your favorite Christian singles and community site.
Email:
Password:
Keep me signed in
Christian singles site and community
Christian singles site and community Funky Fish is with 26000 protestant and catholic singles one of the funkiest Christian dating site and
social networks around. Sign up for free if you're looking for a Christian single woman or man, or just want to make new friends.
FF offers tons of possibilities: emailing, Christian chatrooms, dating features, blogging, picture galleries, videos, church search engine, couch surfing, etc. Funky Fish also hosts a lot of Christians groups like: musicians, students, explorers, christian cafes, and football fanatics. Making Christian friends (Catholics, Lutherans, Anglicans, Baptists, etc.) worldwide and Christian dating has never been so fun(ky)!
Christian Singles Magazine
Column
The telephone just doesn’t ring
Dating success story
Meet the parents
Movies & games
A warm welcome from you child and dog
About this christian dating community
Why Funky Fish?
Are you considering becoming a member? Don’t wait any longer! FF is a popular, fun and international Christian dating site and community with a large amount of Christian singles. Tens of thousands of Christian men and women between the ages of 16 and 80 have already signed up! And thousands of Christians have found their partner here or valuable ​​new friendships.
Whether you want to pay for FF is entirely up to you and FF costs only a fraction of what other Christian singles sites costs. Registration is free and without any obligation. Even most basic functionality and email can be used for free!
This site has been in existence since 2002 and the team behind FF has over 10 years of experience. We’re friendly, competent and reliable, so you're in good hands with us!
Are you a Christian? Romantic, sociable and looking for a relationship? Then why not mingle with all the other registered Christian singles on FF? If you’re looking for Christian friends, fun, or people to talk too about your faith than you’ll feel right at home here. FF has a large, friendly community.
What is Funky Fish?
FF is a popular Christian dating site and community run by a small company of the same name. FF offers Christians an online platform to connect with each other, to network, and to enjoy each other's company. FF has an ecumenical basis and brings evangelical Christians, Catholics and Protestants of all denominations together through this platform.
You can create a profile for free and immediately start mailing and chatting. As a member you can join various interest groups and chat about the groups subject or participate in the various events that are organized by the group members. FF also regularly organizes several fun trips, event and parties.
FF is much more than a regular singles dating site. Why not find out for yourself? Sign up, dive in and discover all the possibilities.
Goal
In 2002 the founder of this dating community got a call from God to start an online community. An online platform where Christians from around the world can meet each other, start relationships and make friends. And from there start sharing the Christian faith and work together towards a better world. For instance, many of our paying members support children in Ethiopia in cooperation with charity organization Compassion and FF.
The people behind FF serve from Jesus' words: "Love God above all and Love Your Neighbor as yourself"
FF is not connected to a specific church movement and can be labeled as ecumenical. We strive for mutual cooperation, unity and understanding among the various Christian protestant and evangelical denominations and Catholic parishes.
After more than ten years, we can say with certainty that God blesses FF. Many people have made ​​new friends and newfound faith here. Thousands of singles have met their partner on this website and dozens of Ethiopian children have a better future now.
Christian community and singles site members info
Total members
26.684
Men
12.402
Women
14.282
Singles
85%
Now online
426
Fresh Fish
46
27
31
49
45
56
62
49
38
34
21
24
20
28
38
31
29
25
Show more new members of this Christian dating site and community
Support/contact
Features & prices
Terms of use
Cookie policy