https://www.gamebadger.com
Welcome to the Worlds of Marble!  -  Reboot: 5.9 days  Uptime: 12:10
Home
PLAY!
3Kingdoms&nbsp&nbsp
3Scapes
Guilds
Quests
Realms
Admin
Map
Support
Forums
OMPs
Contact
Wiki
Welcome to the Worlds of Marble!
Spread the word!
Download a flyer!
3Kingdoms, always free to play and has been established for over 22 YEARS as
one of the internet's premier online adventures!
We offer phenomenal depth and a gameplay experience that
only decades of continual development and innovation can provide.
Confidently invest your gaming time
like thousands of others have with a proven leader - 3Kingdoms.
Quick Connect to 3K NOW!
(other connection options)
And also visit our sister adventure of 3Scapes!
Welcome friend! Come immerse yourself in the largest and most
advanced online game in existence. With thousands of players, tens
of thousands of rooms, hundred of areas, dozens of quests and a
billion possibilities, 3Kingdoms offers you endless worlds of
adventure!
Simple enough to learn, yet complex enough to challenge you for years,
3Kingdoms is a colossal adventure through which many years of active
and continued development by its dedicated coding staff has grown to
be the best and most feature-rich online adventure you will ever play.
Based around the mighty town of Pinnacle, three main realms beckon
the player to explore. These kingdoms are known as: Fantasy, a vast
medieval realm full of orcs, elves, dragons, and a myriad of other
creatures; Science, a post-apocalyptic, war-torn world set in the
not-so-distant future; and Chaos, a transient realm where the
enormous realities of Fantasy and Science collide to produce
creatures so bizarre that they have yet to be categorized.
During their exploration of the realms, players have the opportunity
to join any of well over a dozen different guilds. These guilds, like
the Knights, Necromancers and Juggernauts and many others, allow the
player to become part of a powerful team and gives them a place to
socialize with other players. Guilds also grant special, unique powers
to the player, furthering their abilities as they explore the vast
expanses of each realm. Add in the comprehensive skill system that
3K offers and you are able to customize your characters more than
anywhere else.
3Kingdoms combines all these features, and so much more, to give the
player an experience that will stay with them for the rest of their
lives.
Come live the adventure and find out for yourself why 3K is
the best there is!
Content, source, aesthetics & originality Copyright © 1993-2012 The Marble Group Inc.