https://www.gamesbyemail.com
Free Calorie Counter - FoodCount
Food Count
Count Calories, Lose weight.
Calorie counter with recipe tools & grocery lists
Sign Up for Free Sign in
Completely Free with amazing features
Meal Planner
Plan meals and count your calories with the best diet tracker online! Track fat, carbohydrates, protein, sodium, fiber, cholesterol and all essential vitamins. Track over 1 million foods.
Grocery Lists
Sync your meal planner and build a shopping list. Delete, recategorized and more! Save up to 10 different lists at a time.
Progress Tracking
Set weight goals, upload photos and track your progress each week.
Recipe Tools
Import, build and customize your own recipes with instant nutrition feedback.
Healthy Meal Ideas
We make eating healthy and cheap easier with our meal ideas. Browse different categories and filter based on time, ingredients and even budget.
Grocery Deals
Save money with local and online grocery deals.
Meal Planner
Plan your meals a day at a time or weeks in advance!
Log any food items from restaurant items to recipes you bake at home - Calories, Macros, and important nutrition data like sodium, cholesterol and calcium.
With our live food search and meal grouping planning meals on FoodCount is 5x faster then on other websites and is completely free.
Sign Up For Free
View Demo
Healthy Meal Ideas
Don’t just count calories, eat healthier.
Not only will making better food choices help you lose weight faster, it’ll help keep the weight off.
Using our meal idea generator you can easily filter meals to meet your requirements - High protein meals, gluten free, vegan, and more.
View Meal Ideas
View Demo
Powerful Recipe Tools
Build, import or customize recipes.
Build - Build your favorite recipes to track the calories and view the full nutritional values.
Import - Import recipes from any website with just the click of the mouse.
Customize - Easily add, change or remove any of the ingredients from the recipes you find on FoodCount.
View Recipes
View Demo
Sign up for Free
FoodCount is a free calorie counting website. We do not charge for any of our amazing features, create an account to unlock everything!
Your Name
Email
Password
Resources
Bloggers
Meal Ideas
Recipes
Food Database
Recipe Import
Terms & Privacy
Keto Recipes
Need Help?
Community
Contact Us
Connect
Facebook
Pinterest
Google+
Twitter
Tumblr
Instagram
© 2015 FoodCount