https://www.gametopia.com
Chimineas wholesale. Factory direct pricing! » Chimineasinc.com
Enter Now For A chance To Win A FREE Chiminea From ChimineasInc!! Click Here
Products
Advanced Search
Home
Browse All Products
Specials
Chimineas & Fireplaces
Aluminum Chimineas
Cast Iron Chimineas
Outdoor Fireplaces
Barbeque Grills
Fatwood
Gas Patio Heater
Log Grates
Log Swings
Outdoor Electric Heaters
FirePits
Pizza Ovens
Miscellaneous
Accessories
Arbors
Hammocks
Hammock Chairs
Log Swings
Weathervanes
Customer Support
Chiminea Info
Outdoor Fireplace Info
Chiminea Use & Care
Homecenter Orders
Quantity Orders
Distributors
Affiliates
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Site Map
Visit Chimineas.net
Visit Skip's Outdoor Accents
Largest weathervane collection on the Internet and GUARANTEED best prices!
Chimineas have become one of the "hottest" backyard accessories ever! The romantic appeal of
dancing flames. The wonderful smell of aromatic wood. The warmth of an open fire. Chimineas
appeal to your senses. It's no surprise that Chimineas have captured the hearts of Americans.
Imagine being able to enjoy the sights, sounds and smells of a real crackling wood fire
anytime - at home, at the beach, even tailgating with your friends! That's just what you
can do with our complete line of outdoor fireplaces and firepits.
No matter which one you choose your outdoor fireplace or chimenea will always capture the
attention of your guests and keep you warm on those cool evenings.
Check out our new Wood Fired Pizza Ovens! Click Here!
Oil Rubbed Bronze Firebowl with Lattice Design
$199.00
Bronze Firebowl w/Lattice Design
$119.00
Large Starry Night Firebowl
$349.00
LP Gas Outdoor Firebowl with Tile Mantel
$309.00
Heavy Duty Vinyl Cover
$9.95
Copper Top Wood Fireplace
Now In Stock! Provides Backyard Warmth & Romance!
360º Warmth & View, Durable Stainless Steel Hearth, Slide-Out Cooking Surface, Large Chimney Helps Control Exhaust Easy Loading & Tending, Assembly - No Tools / Only 6 Fasteners
ONLY $210 Buy Now! Two In-Stock, Ready To Go!
Mosaic Tile Firepit
Now In Stock! Provides Backyard Warmth & Romance!
45" diameter outdoor fireplace with decorative ceramic tile surround, stainless steel bowl, heavy wrought iron stand and spark arrestor.
ONLY $259 Buy Now!Two In-Stock, Ready To Go!
1265 Suffield St. • Agawam, MA 01001 • info@chimineasinc.com • Copyright © 2003-2012, Chimineas Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy