https://www.gezhi.org
Social Media Management & Content Curation Tool
| SocialEddy
Javascript is currently not supported/disabled by this browser. Please enable JavaScript for full functionality.
Free Content
Pricing
Sign in
Social Edy suggests and schedules creative posts
That get you more fans, traffic, and sales!
Sign Up Now
Copyright
© 2014
Introwizard L.L.C. All Rights Reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Start your marketing campaign on which account?
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with LinkedIn
Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, and Tumblr coming soon
By connecting an account you agree to Social Edy's Terms and Conditions.
×
Log in
Sign in using email
Didn't get the confirmation email? RESEND
Log in
Forgot password
×
Reset Password
Reset password
Log in
×
Enter your email address
In order to complete your account, please enter your email address.
Connect
Select accounts or pages to connect with Social Edy
Connect
Choose a package
Business
$99 month
Unlimited accounts
Unlimited promotions
Unlimited team members
Analytics
Unlimited clients
Branded Reports
White label
Pro
$29 month
10 accounts + 5 free
Unlimited promotions
3 team members
Analytics
Starter
$9 month
3 accounts
1 promotion
Start Your 14-Day Free Trial
I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions.
Try it out for free
Your information is Secure
Social Edy Protects Your Privacy
Never Posts without Permission
No Credit Card Required
×
Terms and Conditions: last update September 18, 2013.
Social Edy
Welcome to Social Edy!
We are excited that you’ve decided to join us – or just visit us for now to see what we’re all about.
Although the site is meant to be fun (social), we do have to post terms that are not so fun.
These are meant to ensure that everyone who visits or signs up with us is on the same page about what you can and can’t do on the site.
Terms and conditions
Here it is – these are the terms and conditions that apply to the relationship between you (hereinafter, “you” and “your”) and Introwizard L.L.C (hereinafter, “we,” “us,” and “our”) when you visit or use the website located at https://www.socialeddy.com (along with any successor and/or related website, hereinafter, the “Site”).
We provide the Site to you in order for you to make the most of your social media experiences.
As with any social relationship, we need to balance your enjoyment of the Site with the rights of other visitors to and other users of the Site.
In order to do that, we have to post the following terms and conditions (these “Terms”). You must read these Terms before using the Site or any services we provide (the “Services”) because whether or not you read these Terms, by using the Site and/or any of the Services, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms; and we may update these Terms from time to time so, it’s best if you do read them because then you’ll know if you don’t want to be bound by them and you can make the decision not to use the Site or any of the Services.
While you’re at it, you should also read our Privacy Policy and our Copyright Policy, which also govern your use of the Site and the Services – again, whether or not you read them, if you use the Site and/or any of the Services, you’ll be agreeing to be bound by them.
Changes to the terms and conditions; changes to the site and the services
It’s worth mentioning again because it’s that important – we may change these Terms from time to time, and we’ll do this by placing a note at the top of this page indicating the effective date of these Terms, and your continued use of the Site and/or any of the Services following any change in the effective date of these Terms constitutes your acceptance of any changes made to these Terms. It’s your responsibility to check this page regularly to determine whether these Terms have been changed because if you’re not happy with any changes, then we’re afraid you’ll have to move on and cancel your account (or just close this window if you’re just here to visit). It’s also worth noting that we may change and/or update the Site and/or any of the Services from time to time and/or we may decide to discontinue the Site and/or any of the Services at any time – if we do this, you will receive a pro-rated refund of your subscription fee.
Setting up and maintaining your account
We currently offer our users a free 14-day trial of our Pro plan, which will begin immediately after you sign up. We will send you an email to let you know that your trial is expiring and at that time, you may choose to maintain your Pro plan or downgrade to a Standard plan.
Once you choose a plan, you will be charged for your subscription each month on the same day of the month that you activated your subscription. We accept all major credit and debit cards for payment.
You may switch your subscription plan at any time and your new subscription will take effect upon payment of the applicable subscription fee.
You will receive a pro-rated invoice on the day you switch to your new plan which will include a charge for the days left in the month for your new plan less a refund for the days left in the month on your current plan. You will then receive a monthly invoice for your new plan on your next normal invoice date.
Please be sure that the information you provide during registration is true, accurate, current and complete.
If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your access to those parts of the Site and/or the Services requiring registration.
We don’t want to have to do this, but we have to keep everyone here honest – it’s the only way our Services will work for everyone.
You are entirely responsible to safeguard and maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you use to access the Site and the Services.
You have to be careful about who has access to your account because you’re the one that’s going to be responsible for anyone – and everyone – that uses it, whether it’s with or without your knowledge or consent.
What this means is that if anyone gains access to your account and does something that harms us – or any of our users or visitors – in any way, you’ll have to pay for it – no matter what it is. Notify us immediately via e-mail at support@socialeddy.com if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your account or your username or password.
Although we’d hate to see you go, you are free to cancel your membership with us and cancel your account at any time.
If you decide terminate your account – or if we have to terminate it for you as set forth in these Terms – you will receive a pro-rated refund of your subscription fee but you will no longer have access to any information or materials within your account.
We may, however retain your account information and related materials for record-keeping purposes and in the event that we are required to disclose such information and/or materials for reasons set out in our
Privacy Policy.
How we communicate with you
Right now, we’re set up to send out e-mail updates about the Site and/or the Services including, without limitation, daily e-mails with featured content from your Social Edy stream, based on your profile..
You may opt out of receiving these e-mails by following the instructions to manage your notifications – these instructions are generally found at the bottom of the e-mail.
Please note, however, that you may not opt out of receiving administrative e-mails (for example, e-mails about your account) that we send for as long as you maintain an account with us.
Restrictions on your use of the site and the services
Not that we think that you’ll ever do any of these things – but we didn’t make these up out of nowhere.
There are people out there who have too much time on their hands and this is how they make use of their time.
We know that’s not why you’re here but we still need you to agree to it here.
You agree not to submit any material that’s illegal, misleading, defamatory, indecent or obscene, in poor taste, threatening, infringing of any third party proprietary rights, invasive of personal privacy, or otherwise objectionable.
You agree not to use the Site or any of the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by any law or regulation, or to facilitate the violation of any law or regulation.
You agree not to use the Site or any of the Services to compete in any manner with us.
You agree not attempt to use any “deep-link,” “scraper,” “robot,” “bot,” “spider,” “data mining,” “computer code” or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the Site or any of the Services.
You agree not to use the Site or any of the Services in a manner that would violate the security of the Site or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site or any of the Services, data, materials, information, computer systems or networks connected to any server associated with the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise represent an affiliation with a person or entity.
You agree not to upload or transmit through the Site any computer viruses, trojan horses, worms or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer.
You agree not to interfere with, attempt to interfere with or otherwise disrupt the proper working of the Site or any of the Services or any other activities conducted on or through the Site or any servers or networks connected to the Site.
User generated content
We have to set some ground rules too about what kind of things you can’t do while using the features we provide – this helps ensure an environment where our users feel comfortable about being here.
These are the “User Generated Content”
rules that you have to abide by if you’re going to participate:
Before submitting any kind of content created by or shared by you (“User Generated Content”), you should be aware that you can be held personally liable for its accuracy and for content that is defamatory or obscene or that otherwise violates these Terms, or that violates any obligation of confidentiality, or that violates the rights of others.
If any part of the User Generated Content you submit is not your original work, it’s your responsibility to obtain any necessary permission before you post such User Generated Content on the Site.
Do not submit User Generated Content that is illegal, misleading, false, fraudulent (including, without limitation, in connection with the impersonation of another person or entity), defamatory, indecent or obscene, in poor taste, threatening, infringing of any third party proprietary, confidentiality or fiduciary rights, invasive of personal privacy, or that relates to any person under the age of 18 or is otherwise objectionable.
Do not submit User Generated Content that is used for spamming purposes including, without limitation, any unsolicited commercial e-mail, links to comment spam on blogs and social networks, links to any illegal content such as counterfeit pages or so-called “phishing” pages, links to viruses, adware, spyware or other malicious code, or search engine spamming or that contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or that contains any request for or solicitation of any personal or private information from any person or entity, that contains any request for or solicitation of money, goods, or services for private gain, that contains advertising, promotions or marketing, or which otherwise has a commercial purpose inconsistent with the purposes of the Site.
To be clear, you own the User Generated Content that you submit, but also be clear that by submitting it, you’re granting us and our subsidiaries, affiliates and others, a nonexclusive, fully paid, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable license to use, copy, modify, distribute, publicly display and perform, publish, transmit, remove, retain, repurpose, and commercialize such User Generated Content in any and all media or form of communication whether now existing or hereafter developed, without consent, without restriction, without notification, without attribution, and without compensating you in any way.
This is why you shouldn’t submit any User Generated Content that you don’t want to license to us, and this is why, if you don’t want us to use any confidential information, you shouldn’t include it in User Generated Content.
We may monitor User Generated Content – but we don’t have to.
And if we do find User Generated Content that we believe violates our rules, we may remove it.
If you come across User Generated Content that violates our rules, you may contact us via e-mail at support@socialeddy.com to report it to us.
Also know that we may have to disclose User Generated Content in response to a subpoena or other legal reason or if we believe it’s necessary to prevent or investigate a possible crime or other violation of law, to protect our rights the rights of others, or to enforce these Terms.
Links to third-party websites.
We may provide you with links to third-party websites that we believe may be of interest to you based on your profile – and of course, we hope they are.
But just because we’ve put them up, that doesn’t mean that we control what’s there once you click on them – we don’t control these websites and we’re not responsible for the contents or links contained on them or for any changes or updates to them.
Although we will take care in selecting appropriate websites, we don’t endorse them and we're not associated with them.
We may also decide to add, change or remove any link to any of these websites and/or to introduce links to different websites.
If you visit any of these websites, you’re responsible for reviewing and complying with their respective “terms of service” and to be familiar with their respective privacy policies.
If something happens to your computer or other device used to access any if these websites, in no event are we going to be responsible – we aren’t liable to you or to anyone else
for any loss or damage arising from or occasioned by the creation or use of these linked websites or the information or material accessed through these linked websites.
You should direct any concerns about any of these websites to that website’s administrator or webmaster.
Disclamer of warranties
We are going to do our best to make sure that the Site and the Services we provide are up and running smoothly and consistently and we hope that it meets our users’ expectations.
But, we can’t guarantee anything – no one can, really – about how websites operate and we have to make sure that our users don’t rely on any misconceptions about what we offer.
You have to realize that you’re using the Site and the Services at your own risk. That’s why we have to make these disclaimers:
The Site and the Services are provided by us on an "as is" and "as available" basis and we make no warranties or representations, whether express or implied, in relation to the Site or any of the Services including, but not limited to, implied warranties or conditions of completeness, accuracy, satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
It’s technically impossible to provide the Site and the Services free of faults and we don’t undertake to do so. Some faults may lead to the Site and/or the Services being unavailable for periods of time and some of the reasons may be beyond our control. For example there may be issues with the transmission and telecommunications links between us and you, between different parts of our network, and between us and other systems and networks – we can’t control that and you shouldn’t expect us to be able to fix it.
Also, we may rely on third parties for some software and/or functions used in the operation of the Site and/or the Services including, without limitation, for processing your subscription payments.
We can’t and we don’t offer any warranty of whatever nature in relation to such third-party software or functions.
Limitation of liability
This is another important thing you need to understand.
We recognize that some of you might use our Services as a regular part of your business – and we’re proud to offer this helpful tool.
However, we can’t be responsible for any effect that our Services have on your business – or with respect to any other way that you use our Services. We won’t be liable to you or to any third party, whether in contract, tort, negligence, statutory duty or otherwise, for any losses or damages
(including, without limitation, consequential or incidental damages) that may result from or that may be connected with , your use of, or your inability to, use the Site or any of the Services or for any performance issues relating the Site or the Services.
What this means is that we won’t be responsible for any lost business, lost profits, business interruption, lost business information, or any other financial or other loss (even where we have been advised of the possibility that this kind of loss could happen). That said, the laws in some jurisdictions don’t allow us to limit some damages this way and in those jurisdictions, our liability would be limited to the greatest extent permitted by the applicable laws.
Intellectual property
Other than the User Generated Content, you’ll notice that there is other Content on the Site; and there is other Content that you may not notice, Content which is used to operate the Site.
This type of “Content” includes things like software and source code, text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on the Site or through the Services (other than User Generated Content). All of this Content is ours – we either own or have licensed the rights to use this Content (including all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights) from third parties (and to the extent that we have licensed any Content, the applicable third parties are the owners of the Content).
What this means is that you can’t use it without our consent (or without the consent of the applicable third parties) – and by “use,” we mean you can’t copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, modify, display, post or send the Content, in any form or by any means, whether it’s by hand, by e-mail, by mechanical copying or photocopying or in any other way.
Feedback
We invite you to give us feedback about the Site and the Services.
We want to know what you like, what you don’t like, what you think you might like better.
So please do send us feedback.
Please know, however, that if you do send us feedback, it becomes our property (unless it’s feedback that is submitted as User Generated Content – in which case the feedback is your property).
By giving us feedback and/or suggestions, you’re assigning us all rights
- all copyrights, other intellectual property rights and all use rights – to what you give us.
For that reason, if you don’t want us to use any confidential information, then don’t send us any.
Your indemnity to us
You have to take responsibility for your actions while using the Site and the Services.
Otherwise, there’s no real way we’d be able to provide them to you.
We have to play by certain rules, which means that you can’t break them either.
To that end we have to make sure that our users are legally able to access the Site and any of the Services, which means that you must be a legal entity, or an individual 18 years or older who can form legally binding contracts – as that’s what these Terms are. You have to be able to abide by these Terms and if any person or entity makes a claim against us stating that you are not able to form legally binding contracts, that you’re not able to abide by these Terms, that you’ve violated any of the rules about what you can’t do while using the Site and/or the Services, then you’re going to be responsible to us financially and/or in any other way we need you to be if we have to defend against any of these claims.
Governing law
Our company is based in Texas – so these Terms have to comply with the laws of the State of Texas (without regard to its choice of law rules) that apply to contracts entered into in the State of Texas.
If any dispute arises between you and us over your use of the Site and/or the Services – or over these Terms – then only the courts within the State of Texas will be able to resolve such dispute.
But in using the Site and/or the Services, you also must do so in a way that doesn’t break any laws of your own state or other jurisdiction.
Severability
We intend for these Terms to be one whole agreement.
At the same time, however, each provision of these Terms has separate meaning and are meant to survive on their own if for any reason one or more provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable for whatever reason.
No waiver
We understand that there may be a “learning curve” when using new social media platforms – so if something you do is a violation of these Terms, but not one that necessitates termination of your account, we may let it slide However, don’t take that to mean that this one waiver by us means that you can engage in the same behavior again – we can assert our rights at any time.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us via e-mail at support@socialeddy.com.
×