https://www.glass-pipes-water-bongs.com
Water Bongs Glass Pipes - buy in online smoke shop
Water Bongs Glass Pipes - Online Smoke Shop
Water Bongs
Glass Pipes
One Hitters
Smokes 4:20
Sale bongs
Custom Bongs
thick glass pipes strong & very durable!
percolators
Amazing selection of favorite water bongs and glass pipes
Skull Percolator Bong
#680
$116.30
Glass water bong New era
#110
$64.00
Dragon Premium Glass Bong
#616
$202.50
Glass Bong Gold Princess
#626
$72.50
Percolator glass bong Skyfall
#674
$83.50
Mushroom Percolator Bong
#667
$128.30
Online smoke shop with hand blown glass pipes and water bongs.
Our water bongs, glass pipes, bubblers, one hitters etc. are hand-made exclusively in small workshops. These workshops provide sophisticated, high-quality craftsmanship of each piece. Our glass water bongs, glass bubblers, and glass pipes are truly small works of art, and you can buy these glass pipes and water bongs in online smoke shop for close to production cost! Only premium materials, such as raw silver, 24ct gold, borosilicate glass (Pyrex, Simax), and American grade non-toxic colors are used for our products. We have been making glass smoking devices for over ten years and have thousands of satisfied customers.
Our glass products are also well known for their great color-changing effects (CCG pipes). This is achieved by adding raw silver on the glass surface under high temperatures. The COOL look of the bongs, pipes, and one hitters comes with color changes, as they eventually get dirty from the inside. Our merchandise photos depict the look of the product in normal daylight. Unlike many of our competitors, we are not trying to fool our customers.
Most of these glass beauties are made by us, so we can create and modify your products specifically for you. You can place your own inscription (initials, name, slogan, sign) on any of our customized water bongs or glass pipes!
Buy glass pipes, bongs, bubblers, one hitters and more in online smoke shop.
E-shopping in our smoke shop is easy, comfortable, safe, and discreet. Hundreds of customers shop with us every day, and the majority of our glass pipes and bongs are being sent mainly to the USA.
Water pipes or water bongs are devices commonly used for smoking, usually tobacco or other herbal substances. Smoke is bubbled through a chamber containing water. The bong enables you to smoke in a manner which is very different from a simple smoking pipe.
Also, blown glass pipes differ from clay or wooden pipes. The main difference is that glass pipes consist of just one piece of material. They are designed to be portable and can be used for a shorter smoke. Pipes made of pyrex or other types of heat resistant glass protect your hands.
Water bongs provided in our smoke shop were tested during MarijuanaRadio show on 2008 and even Tommy Chong likes our stuff.
The smoke shop was founded in 2001 and has plenty of satisfied customers.:) We also have good references reviews from the website - Weeds That Please. Try our high quality products yourself, buy water bongs and glass pipes in our online smoke shop!
Party Sets %
Now for even better prices!
Are you looking for an advantageous economical purchase of more glass pipes and bongs? Check out our discounted pipe sets. We have combinations of water bongs, pipes, and chillums or one hitters for every occasion.
18+Smoke shop for adults only!
We do not approve of or support any illegal drugs! Our glass pipes, water bongs, bubblers, chillums, one hitters, or other glass products are 100% legal and should only be used for smoking legal substances, such as tobacco mixtures. To order from Water Bongs Glass Pipes online smoke shop, you must be 18+!
This site is a member of WebRing.
To browse visit
here.
SUPPORT
Contacts & online chat
Facebook fanpage
Google +
Youtube channel
FAQ - answered
Flat rate shipping $12.50!
Your privacy
Discreet shipping in unmarked boxes with no labels or company name!Secure discreet bank statement!
water-bongs-glass-pipes.com Webutation
Share your questions, opinions and reviews at sponsored online forums. 420 Magazine Forums
ORDER STATUS
shopping cart
0 items / $0.00
get free shipping
get free pipe
currency:
FAQReviewers!contactsWikiAffiliate
loading
loading
smoke shop map |
rss |
Staric 477,
73943, Frydek-Mistek,
Czech Republic
, water.bongs.glass.pipes@gmail.com