https://www.grepolis.com
Grepolis – The browser game set in Antiquity
Please enable JavaScript before using this website
Innogames.com
grepolis.de
grepolis.net
beta.grepolis.com
grepolis.fr
grepolis.gr
grepolis.nl
grepolis.es
grepolis.it
grepolis.ro
grepolis.se
grepolis.cz
grepolis.pl
grepolis.pt
grepolis.hu
grepolis.sk
grepolis.dk
grepolis.ru
grepolis.no
grepolis.br
grepolis.tr
grepolis.us
grepolis.ar
grepolis.fi
More Games:
Play now
Elvenar
Choose between elves and humans and build a mystical city in a fantasy world!
Forge of Empires
Lead your city from the stone age through the centuries and forge a vast empire!
Tribal Wars 2
Tribal Wars 2 – build and fortify your medieval castle
Tribal Wars
Become a ruler of the Middle Ages and lead your people to honor and glory in Tribal Wars!
The West
Explore the wild frontier and experience exciting adventures and duels. The West awaits you!
Mobile Gaming
Play mobile with our apps and optimized browser versions for your mobile device now!
NEW: Elvenar - Discover the new fantasy game
Tribal Wars 2 – the sequel to the classic
Forge of Empires – Strategy through the ages
Login
Remember me |
Forgot password?
Please enter your e-mail or player name and password.
Please enter your password.
Facebook
Google
Menu
Home
About Grepolis
News
Media
Hall of Fame
Help
Forum
Wiki
Login
Register now
Player name
Please enter a player name.
{{ error_nickname }}
Password
Please enter a password that has at least 6 characters.
Please enter a password that has at least 6 characters.
{{ error_password }}
E-mail
Please enter your e-mail address.
This e-mail address does not have the required format.
{{ error_email }}
I accept the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy.
You must accept the Terms and Conditions.
{{ error_acceptTerms }}
Play now
Connect with
Facebook
Google
Get the full App
for free!
Follow us on
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
YouTube
Close
Open
About Grepolis
Are you ready to conquer Ancient Greece? Do you want to follow in the footsteps of Odysseus, Leonidas, the beautiful Helen, or other Greek heroes? Then join us on a unique adventure through the world of the ancient Greeks.
Grepolis is a free, browser-based online game with a strong focus on cooperative play and strategy. Your task is to transform a small polis (Greek for town) into a huge metropolis. Recruit a powerful army with mythical units like the Manticore or the Hydra. Navigate your seafaring troops through the Greek seas, and conquer faraway islands.
Forge mighty alliances with your friends, and coordinate attacks against common enemies on land, water, or from the skies. On your epic journey to fame and glory, do not neglect to earn the favour of the gods of the Greek pantheon: Zeus, Hera, Athena, Hades, Poseidon, and Artemis. Their goodwill could mean the difference between victory and defeat. Construct unique World Wonders, and become the most powerful ruler of Ancient Greece!
Build a mighty metropolis
Begin your adventure on a small, peaceful island, where you will meet other new players. Your task is to establish a new city and gather resources, which will help your city to blossom into a magnificent metropolis with the option of 13 different buildings, and 8 monumental structures. For example, building an academy will allow you to explore unknown technologies, and provide you with the opportunity to expand to other islands!
Win the favour of the gods
Athena
Artemis
Hera
Poseidon
Hades
Zeus
Athena
Athena is the goddess of wisdom and courage, she is also considered the Patroness of Heroic Endeavour. As the daughter of Zeus the Unconquerable, she will bravely stand by her loyal defenders rallying them to form a tight impenetrable unit. It does not matter if there is an army standing at the city gate that is so vast that the earth itself shakes under their feet.
Artemis
Artemis, the goddess of the hunt is a strict and gruesome goddess that’s hostile towards all men. Her divine powers can cause her enemies to hallucinate; however, she can also improve the aim of distance fighters, and negate the spells of her enemies. Her versatility in battle is a force to be reckoned with.
Hera
The goddess Hera is the protector of families. She gives strength and courage to your citizens. Her wedding spell increases your resource production for a short period of time, and keeps shivering farmers warm on cold winter days.
Poseidon
As the ruler of the ocean, Poseidon resides in a crystal palace deep below the sea. When he is in a good mood; Poseidon creates new islands, and lets the ocean be still as well as navigable. On the other hand, when he gets angry, he plunges his trident into the ground, causing earthquakes, floods, and making ships sink.
Hades
Hades is the lord of the underworld. He reigns over the realm of the dead, and guards its treasures. Hades grants you the power to revive units after your battles, and his mythical helmet keeps your armies undetected.
Zeus
As the ruler of Olympus, Zeus is the mightiest god of all. He uses his power to darken the sky, and his thunderbolt can destroy buildings, or attacking fleets.
Previous
Next
Team up with your friends and conquer new islands
In Grepolis, you will soon find new friends with whom you may want to join forces, and form a powerful alliance. You must then coordinate your next attacks, conceive elaborate strategies, and crush your enemies! Don't forget to defend your cities by creating a core, and always have a strategy for your troops. United you are strong, and can expand your empire; city by city, island by island, and ocean by ocean.
News
Update to Version 2.102
Created on Dec 13, 2015, 10:45 PM
On Wednesday, December 16th Grepolis will be updated to version 2.102. As always there will be a short downtime while the update is applied.
World Emporion is Now Open!
Created on Dec 3, 2015, 1:04 PM
World Emporion is now open! See you on the battlefields.
Read more...
Team Grepolis Needs You!
Created on Jul 19, 2014, 3:53 PM
We are looking for volunteers from our player base to Join our moderation team.
Read more...
Media
Artworks
Images
Hall of Fame
The Hall of Fame lists the best players and alliances from each game world. Only those who master their warfare prowess, and have a well thought out, strategic approach to fight their enemies will be able to claim their place in the Hall of Fame.
To the Hall of Fame
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
YouTube
InnoGames
©2009–2016
InnoGames GmbH
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy Policies |
Imprint
More online games:
Tribal Wars
|
The West
|
Forge of Empires
|
Tribal Wars 2
|
Elvenar
▲ Go to top