https://www.gunggo.com
GumGum - The Premium In-Image Advertising Platform
Advertisers
Publishers
Products
Creative Gallery
Contact Us
Client Login
Forgot Password?
ADS THAT STICK
Taking viewability and engagement to new heights
Creative Gallery
REIMAGINE ADVERTISING
Elevate your brand performance
Creative Gallery
VIEWABLE
Ads only serve inline with content where it can be seen
RELEVANT
Technology and data to reach your audience in the right context
ENGAGING
Custom creative and video creates impact and lifts key metrics
HOW'S IT DONE?
The Brand Engagement Platform
GumGum is the leading in-image and in-screen advertising platform, driving brand engagement for advertisers and increased revenue for publishers across every screen. Our commitment to making brand advertising work better through technology and media drives higher viewability, relevance and brand engagement than standard display advertising.
We invented in-image advertising in 2008, and continue to lead the industry with our solution for helping publishers monetize their images and giving advertisers a relevant way to tell their brand stories through pictures. Our patented In-Image Ads are overlaid on editorial photos where a user's attention is actively focused, creating higher viewability and engagement, and a better consumer experience.
Show me examples of In-Image Ads
Today we are going beyond images, creating new ways to make an impact in-line with editorial content. Responsively designed to fit all screen sizes and resolutions, In-Screen Ads are audience-targeted and persistent as users scroll, increasing viewability and creating a high-impact brand experience.
Show me examples of In-Screen Ads
GumGum reaches over 600 million unique visitors per month across billions of images on premium websites. In addition to giving publishers a new way to monetize their images while maintaining a relevant user experience, we give advertisers the ability to reach highly targeted audiences at scale in a brand-safe environment.
600MUnique Visitors/Mo.
Our vision is nothing short of reinventing advertising.
From our ownership of the in-image category to our relentless pursuit of new, disruptive display technologies, we're building a new kind of digital advertising company.
Contact
About
Careers
Press
Blog
Legal
Copyright © 2016 GumGum, Inc. All rights reserved.
PRIVACY
OPT-OUT