https://www.hallpass.com
HallPass
Toggle navigation
Advertisement
Facts & Figures
Developers
About us
Contact
LinkedIn
Twitter
Deliver your message
to over 12 million users worldwide
on any device
This is why our clients choose to advertise on our extensive game network
Through an assortment of strong game brands and partners we offer advertisers access to precisely segmented target audiences in more than 25 countries.
For smartphone, tablet and desktop PC
Custom ad formats
Full social games community
Global distribution, cultural monetization
Video advertising
Reach your audience on every platform
Gamers are everywhere nowadays. To reach them you need to think cross platform. More and more people are playing games on mobile but the biggest part of traffic is still on desktop.
HallPass offers advertisers the opportunity to connect with their audience on desktop, tablets or mobile devices. Target girls, boys or women and show them your message through the advertising possibilities of HallPass.
To further increase conversion we will target the countries or regions where you want to sell your product.
Global network of casual gamers
HTML5 games are booming. Being able to play your favorite game on any platform and retain a native feel has convinced millions of people worldwide.
Our game brands entertain a 6 million players every month while our white label solutions attract another 6 million. That’s a whopping 12 million people playing our games and viewing your ads!
We have a strong presence in the US, Japan, UK, Brazil, Australia and Western Europe.
Engage & interact
You want to tell a story to your audience, we can help you with that! As our advertiser you will have acces to state-of-the-art possibilities to engage your audience:
branded gamesvideo advertisinghigh impact & rich media formatsbrand integrations & sponsorshipssocial hubs
These are our Game Brands
These 11 brands are part of an ever growing family of premium game portals.
Pay them a visit or see what audiences go with them.
...and some of our white-label partners
6 million people playing our games and viewing your ads.
Now you know what we can do. What can we do for you?
We always respond as soon as possible.
Name*OrganizationEmail*
Message
I would like to receive news about new games, business cases, reviews and more.
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
HallPassAbout us
Developers
Facts & Figures
Advertisement
BoosterMedia
Homepage
Solutions
Games
Developers
Studio
About
News
Jobs
Contact
Amsterdam HQ Herengracht 433
1017 BR Amsterdam
The Netherlands
+31 (0) 85 00 200 39
sales@hallpass.com
Stay Informed Twitter LinkedIN
© 2016 HallPass