https://www.hawagames.com
The world We Want - Impetuspay Web Portal
Register AccountMember LoginRecover Password
Email: support@impetuspay.org
Home
Organisation
Opportunity
FAQs
LogIn Register
Support
Forum
Life Changing wealth Creation For All
Wealth creation system to give all people equal opportunity and sustainability.
It is the first in improving lives.
Helping Meet UN's Millennium Development Goals
To eradicate poverty, Promote gender equality and empower women.
Develop global partnership for development and business.
Global partnership for business and development
Wealth creation system to give all people equal opportunity and sustainability.
It is the first in improving lives
Our Mission
Mission: Social
Empowerment for all towards sustainable development.
"The world we want" is an
organization was founded to uplift the social status of people around the world through economic empowerment programs. By investing in people by ways of improving their knowledge in business, education and giving them a safe way of make high returns from their investment without risk are sure ways of archiving the goals set by the founders of the organization.
The organization
runs several programs to improve people's lives in various parts of the world to positively transform lives of the target groups in various age bracket. These programs are classified in three categories namely business training programs, scholarships programs and an investment program. The operating model descriptions of the programs can be found on the organization's link of the website.
We aim to reach out to as many people as possible and to give equal opportunities to all genders and improve
livelihoods.
Investment Packages
What We Offers:
Interest earning Investment program
Business and production training programs
Women and youth empowerment programs
Finance and business management support.
Medical checkup camp sponsorships
Student scholarship in research and development
Profit Calculator
Earning Period:35 weeks
Investment:
$
Weekly Interest:10.00%
Calculate Profit
Weekly Earnings:
Total Earnings:
The world we want organization
Web Portal Links
Organisation
Opportunity
Investment
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Program Features
Secure and transparent
Economic Empowerment
Fast deposit/withdrawal
256 bit SSL webportal
Our Office Contacts
The Marximum Park
1110 Vienna, Modecenterstraße 17. Austria.
Email: support@impetuspay.org / info@impetuspay.org
Copyright © 2015 ImpetusPay.org. All rights reserved