https://www.hellobar.co.uk
HeartofAsiaOnline personals: Serious Dating for Partners not Players
.
Browse
| Take a Tour
| Log In | Search
| Tell
A Friend | Testimonials
| Newsletter
| Join Free Now
Join
For Free:
First Name
:
*
Family Name
:
*
I’m
a :
Woman Seeking Man
Man Seeking Woman
E-mail:(confidential)
(Your E-mail is used to log back
in)
*
Confirm
E-mail:
Password:(At
least 5 Characters)
*
Like to subscribe to our
monthly Foreign Romance Newsletter?
Click Submit, then check your email to complete application.
Testimonial Letters
Letters from members who have
found true love!   Add Yours
Foreign Romance Newsletter
Subscribe
to the Foreign Romance Newsletter
for free international dating, travel and
visa tips and news by email.
First Name :
*
Family Name :
*
You are a :
Woman Seeking Man
Man Seeking Woman
E-mail :
*
Dating Advice
Questions on International dating?
Heart of Asia Blog
International Datingis not Mail order Brides
our head matchmaker answers your questions on International dating and
romance
Heart of Asia Online seen on CNN
Free to join:
Free to search
Free to view profiles
Free to Publish your profile
Free to Say Hi to all members
Free to Email premium members
Free to Chat w/ premium members
Free to Publish your Video Message
Fiancee Visa Help
Fiancee Visa eBook
Visa Coach
Fiancee Visa Answers
USCIS Forms
Wedding Invitations
Serious international online dating
Member Login:
Partners not Players
HeartofAsiaOnline.com is for Serious dating.
If you are looking for a serious dating service where you can meet sincere, marriage minded men and women, then you have come to the right place.
Here at HeartofAsiaOnline.com our staff of concerned, human moderators work full time to “take out the trash”. We are always on the lookout for scammers and players, any kind of insincere person who would waste your time and affections. At the end of the day, HeartofAsiaOnline.com is better than the rest, because our members are not messing around, they are sincere they hope to find quality partners for love and marriage.
Who do you want to meet?.
If you are seeking your partner, then lets get started, signup for your free membership today.
Since marriage is the goal for most of our members, and many members are from the USA, we have take great care to follow US immigration laws, and to help our members obtain Fiancee and Spousal visas.
HeartofAsiaOnline.com obeys US Immigration Laws
We screen each member and strictly follow US immigration laws. You meet sincere singles. Your fiancee avoids problems with USCIS.
We are the ONLY international online dating service that meets US immigration  requirements.  Protect your future fiancee, meet her the legal way, meet her here.  We confirm to USCIS how and when each successful couple legally met and provide proof that their first meeting fully met ALL requirements of the IMBRA laws. Click for details on how we protect you by complying with the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA).
Webmaster Says Hi !
Ling Says Hi !
Heart of Asia Online is for singles who seek marriage and sincere long distance relationships. Not Mail order brides but marriage minded asian, african, american, latin, european and worldwide singles who want to chat online or trade emails in a safe, sincere, family values oriented environment.  Unlike Yahoo Personals or other cold, heartless, impersonal businesses, Heart of Asia believes in family values, and expects an ethical code of acceptable conduct by its members. A staff of concerned human beings  work 24/7 to keep the quality of interaction here high.
We hold Heart of Asia to a higher standard. Each profile, photo and video is reviewed and must be approved by our dedicated human staff before it is displayed. We have zero tolerance for sex ads, scammers, spammers or bulk mailers. Members can easily report any abuse.  We take immediate action to delete offenders.  If you are tired communicating with time wasters, if you prefer to speak only with sincere motivated people who  seek romance, serious relationships and marriage, then join Heart of Asia now.  Now.
E-mail
:
Password :
Forgot Password
Online Dating News
About Us |
Contact Us |
Dating Safety |
Prices/Features |
Help |
Privacy Statement |
Terms of Use |
Affiliates |
HR3402 |
Our Sites |
Romance Tours |
Trade Links |
Resources  |
Rights of Immigrants |
Site Map |
Visas
Copyright1996-2014@ Heart of Asia Online