https://www.hidden-object-games.biz
Hidden Object Games - Download for Free or Play Online
Play Hidden Object Games
Hidden Object Games also known as Seek And Find Games - is a very popular puzzle/adventure games sub-genre, where your aim is to search for different items at the screen. You're usually given a list of names, shapes or other object descriptions, and have to search for objects hidden somewhere on the screen. Hidden Object Games are highly addictive, and this site is there to let you play numerous seek and find games in one place.
New games
Free Online Hidden Object Games Downloadable Hidden Object Games
Search Game:
Last 5
Free Online Hidden Object Games
Barn Yarn Online
Winter is approaching, so a nice warm barn is just what you need! In this unique mix of Hidden Object and Simulation game, Joe and Tom need help with repairing an old barn purchased from a neighbor and prepare for the harsh winter!
Rating: +9
Youda Legend: The Golden Bird of Paradise Online
After you have travelled to Amsterdam, it is high time you had a new trip and a relaxing and rewarding holiday! But no matter how peaceful the place appears, everything is not exactly as it is cracked up to be...
Rating: 0
Youda Mystery: The Stanwick Legacy Online
Having lost parents as a 4 year old girl, Emma never gave up the idea to find out the secret of their death. And now that she inherits her grandfather's mansion where all this happened, she has a chance to do it...
Rating: -4
Inspector Magnusson: Murder on the Titanic Online
A truly amazing piece of hidden object games - free for you to play online! Unravel the mysterious murder on Titanic together with Inspector Magnusson...
Rating: -2
City of Fools Online
You will truly LOVE this charming and cute game with original graphics and excellent gamelay. As a newspaper journalist, investigate on your editor's request the rumours about a UFO that has landed in one of the towns!
Rating: +3
Play more online games
Last 5
Downloadable Hidden Object Games
Myths of the World: Of Fiends and Fairies Collector’s Edition
In Myths of the World, the rat catcher is kidnapping the fairies! But  is it possible that your grandfather's fairytales have anything to do with the tiny folk? Find out in this dark yet beautiful hidden object game!
Rating: 0
Forgotten Books: The Enchanted Crown
Once upon a time... your new exciting adventure begins! Your librarian friend shows you some mysterious ancient book without the ending, but which is even more interesting - once you open the pages of this book, one of the characters - the King - starts begging for your help!
Rating: 0
Tales of Terror: House on the Hill
Have you ever dreamt of seeing a real ghost? Perhaps one of those who are normally said to be haunting old castles. Well, in this game you find yourself on a ghost tour to an old estate because your sister asked you to join her... but the tour turns out ...
Rating: 0
Phenomenon: Outcome
At the beginning of the game, you find yourself on a mysterious island where you have been brought by... your own medallion! And it is here that you discover deadly Cyan Plasma - this substance threatens not only the island itself, but the whole world! Can you save the world ...
Rating: -2
Big City Adventure: Rio de Janeiro
Begin your exciting adventure to Rio de Janeiro and relax in this tropical paradise, enjoying its divine sandy beaches, wonderful rainforests and the famous vibrant Carnival!
Rating: 0
Play more downloadable games
Privacy Policy
| Copyright Policy
| Contact Us
| New games
Feed
(c)2009-2011 Hidden Object Games