https://www.nmbank.com
Checking, Savings, Mortgage Loans and Business Services for Michigan's Upper Peninsula - Northern Michigan Bank & Trust
Community People You Know
Contact Us
HomeAbout UsLocations & HoursJobsHot TopicsBanker ToolsFinancial CalculatorsArticles of InterestEducational Videos
ACCOUNT ACCESS
Online Banking Login
Portfolio Account Link
PERSONAL
We offer a variety of Personal Banking Services to meet your individual needs...
MORTGAGE CENTER
We offer mortgage financing options for your new home purchase, home equity, etc…
COMMERCIAL
Whether your business is large or small, we have services that can help your business grow...
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Unsure of how or where to invest or save your money?
Let our Trust Department help you...
WELCOME
Northern Michigan Bank & Trust has been providing deposit, lending, investment, and other financial services for the Central Upper Peninsula since 1892. We invite you to browse through our pages to discover how we can serve your banking needs.
FRAUDULENT PHONE CALLS REGARDING YOUR DEBIT CARD
Please be aware that there are reports of phone calls being received by people in our area regarding their ATM/Debit cards and/or accounts. The phone number on the caller I.D. looks like a legitimate phone number and can be deceiving. These calls are not from us.  These calls are fraudulent.
We will NEVER send out automated phone calls to our customers regarding fraudulent Visa debit card issues or bank account issues.
Do not respond to these phone calls, hang up!
Never disclose personal, account, or card information to strangers.  We already have your information on file and will not ask for it.
When in doubt, call us at the phone number you always contact us with.  This way you can verify the calls validity.
SECRET SHOPPER CHECK SCAM AND NEWS ABOUT FRAUDULENT CHECKS BEING ON THE RISE AGAIN
The newest check scam includes a check delivered by FedEx and made out to Secret Shopper. Do not cash this check or reply to emails that are sent to you from Secret Shopper if you are not affiliated with them. This is a scam.
Fraudulent checks are on the rise again.  Be cautious when receiving checks from parties unknown to you - especially if you are selling things online.  Buying/Selling items online may be fast and convenient, but it can also be quite costly.  SELLERS - please exercise caution when receiving checks from parties unknown to you - especially non-local or out of state checks.  if you receive a check for more than what your sales price is and the buyer says "the additional money is to cover the shipping costs" and wants you to send the difference back to them through PayPal, Western Union, or pay the person they send to pick the item, DON'T!!  THIS IS A SCAM!  Once you give them back the difference, the check they sent to you typically is returned to the bank as a fraudulent item, usually within 3-5 days of processing it.
The best way to protect yourself when selling things online is to only accept cash or a wire transfer.  If you take a check of any kind, even a certified bank check, bring it to your bank and have them send it in for collection.  By sending the check in for collection you will  have a confirmation that the check you have is not fraudulent. Please stop in to see your banker.  Your accounts safety is important to us. You are important to us.
The Community Lifestyle in the "U.P."
Based in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, Northern Michigan Bank & Trust employees are proud to offer financial expertise while participating in and helping to organize local community fundraisers. Because we are Community People You Know, you will find us coaching youth sports or volunteering for various interests in our area alongside you. Visit our Lifestyles page to view local community events. Visit the photo gallery to view local scenic photos of the Upper Peninsula or pictures of our employees helping out in the community. We appreciate you as our neighbor and thank you for being a part of Northern Michigan Bank & Trust.
Read more on local community events.
Deposit Rates
Account Product
Minimum Opening Deposit
Interest Rate
Annual Percentage Yield
6 Mos - Certificate of Deposit
$1,000.00
0.25%
0.25%
1Year - Certificate of Deposit
$1,000.00
0.40%
0.40%
»More Deposit Rates
MORTGAGE RATES - Visit our Mortgage Center for the current rates.
Sign up for RATE WATCH and let us keep an eye on the rates for you.
SERVING:    Escanaba    Marquette    Ishpeming   Kingsford    Bark River    Gladstone    Iron Mountain
Home • About Us • Locations & Hours • Jobs • Hot Topics • Contact Us • Sitemap
Security & Privacy • ©2013 Northern Michigan Bank & Trust