https://www.nmbankers.com
New Mexico Bankers Association
Home ▼
Mission
About NMBA ▼
NMBA Officers
NMBA Board
NMBA Staff
Government Relations▼
NMBA Grassroots BankPAC
Call to Action
Legislative Reports
Education/Events▼
Total Training Solutions Webinars
Conference Edge-Webinars
Conferences-Seminars
Convention
Banking Schools
Convention ▼
Products / Services▼
Associate Members
Endorsed Providers
Publications
Upcoming Events:
NMBA Partners:
To download the printable Store Purchasing Card for use at Office Depot retail locations, click here.
Find the history to
any bank institution
The New Mexico Bankers Association, through
its membership, plays a vital role in creating a favorable atmosphere under
which all banks in the state can thrive, prosper and continue to serve their
communities. Never have the challenges facing our industry been so
great and the issues so complex.
At no time has the NMBA's responsibility to
fulfill its mission statement been so important. In years past, the
New Mexico Bankers Association has been able to meet its stated goals
through the strong support of member banks and the willingness of bankers to
serve with diligence as NMBA volunteers. A skilled dedicated staff,
committee members, committee chairpersons and directors make up the heart
and soul of this viable and strong trade association.Whether it is
through legislative efforts, federal and state, or through the current
educational programs, the Association continues to serve its members.
I am honored by the opportunity to serve as
the President of the New Mexico Bankers Association. The NMBA exists
solely to serve our members needs. If we ever fall short in doing so,
I invite you to call me personally to let me hear about your concerns.
We, as bankers, should work to make sure our association is the best that we
can make it.
Paul DiPaola,US Bank, Albuquerque, NM
2015-2016 NMBA President
Legislative Session began on January 20, 2015.
See Legislative Reports under Government Relations.
SPOTLIGHT ON:
ASSOCIATE MEMBERS
Atkinson & Co
www.atkinsoncpa.com
SPOTLIGHT ON:
ENDORSED VENDORS
Office Depot
www.officedepot.com
©2011 New Mexico
Bankers Association
316 Osuna NE, Suite 502
Albuquerque, NM 87107
Phone: (505) 822-7900
Fax: (505) 822-8345