https://www.nonprofitjobs.org
.
Community Career Center - Welcome to Non Profit Jobs.org, the right place for career opportunities!
Toggle navigation
NonProfitJobs.org
Home
Job Postings
Search Job Postings
Post New Job
Post New Candidate Profile
Resource Links
Membership
Membership Benefits
Member List
Member Functions
Contact
Sign Up For Member Discounts
View Our Member Announcements
Search Job Postings
Any visitor can search job opportunities by clicking on the above link. View all job postings by date, or limit your search by geography or another variable. Enter only one or two variables. The more variables entered, the fewer the jobs you will access.
Search Candidate Profiles
Any nonprofit organization who posts a job with NonprofitJobs is granted access to the confidential Candidate Pro-file Database to search and scan prospective talent. The candidate profile base can be searched by job title, position type, preferred work location, minimum salary, and by keyword.
Post New Jobs
Any employer or organization can post a job with NonprofitJobs. If you are a registered member, click here on Member Functions now. If you are not a member, click Post a Job link and complete the template. Your job will be placed online, and you will receive an invoice confirmation by e-mail for $125 or less if you have posted more than one job. Each job is posted for 60 days.
About NonProfitJobs.org
Welcome to NonProfitJobs, an on-line gathering place where not-for-profit employers and management personnel can meet one another. By posting a job opportunity or candidate credentials with NonprofitJobs, you link with thousands of Internet users who may bring new opportunity to your organization or to your career. NonprofitJobs wishes to thank member organizations for making it possible to link charitable organizations with prospective managers throughout the world.
Post Candidate Profile
If you have not yet posted your candidate credentials free of charge and would like employers to be able to search for your experience, please click on Post Candidate Profile now.
Enterprise, Inc.
Telephone 702-809-8599
E-Mail info@NonprofitJobs.org
Job and candidate data entered at this web site by prospective employers and candidates are as is.
Enterprise Inc makes no claims on the validity or authenticity of data provided.
Enterprise Inc assumes no liability whatsoever resulting from the use of this web site.
Prices for various services are subject to change.
Enterprise Inc retains the right to accept or reject any posting or membership.
2016 Community Career Center - All Rights Reserved | Website Developed by
Shaffer Web Design
×
Login to your account
Cancel
×
Get The Job Posting Help You Need Today!
Whether you need a new job, or help with posting a job you want to advertise, we're here to make sure you have what you need! Our team is great at providing flexible solutions that drive reader engagement and awareness.
Please tell us how we can help and we'll be happy to provide guidance and go over some options with you!
Cancel
×
Thank you for contacting us!
Close