https://www.nsbov.com
Northern State Bank of Virginia
Home
About Us
Message from the President
Meet Our Team
Employment
Community Involvement
Banking Services
Business
Personal
Locations
Online Banking
Menu
Your locally-owned bank with a personal touch
Welcome to Northern State Bank of Virginia
Northern State Bank of Virginia is a modern-day bank that does business the old-fashioned way.  We do more than just close deals; we build relationships.  Call us and you will reach a real person.  Come inside and you will meet friendly, knowledgeable bankers.  Bank with us and you will enjoy a new kind of banking experience. We’re the bank where the size of your wallet won’t affect the size of your welcome!
For nearly 50 years we have been a good neighbor, concerned about our community and ready to help in any way we can. We have an interest in the future of our area because this is our home, where our employees work and play.
Northern State Bank of Virginia and Otis are looking out for you. We feel it’s important for you to talk face to face with the people who make the decisions. We are your locally-owned bank with a personal touch, and taking care of you is our priority.
Otis
Rates
Check the latest rates we have available at your convenience any time of day.
Order Checks
Browse a variety of designs and styles before ordering checks online.
Identity Theft
Learn more about IDTheftSmart, your 3-stage defense against identity theft.
Fraud Alerts
Stay up to date on the latest fraud alerts that may affect you and your credit.
Northern State Bank of Virginia
600 Chestnut Street
Virginia MN 55792
Main Bank Office: 218.741.9115
Branch Office:  218.749.2174
Fax:  218.741.9262
Phone Banking:  800.957.5333
nsbov@nsbov.com
Notice: This bank is not responsible for and has no control over the subject matter, content, information or graphics of the websites that have links here.
Please contact us with any concerns or comments.
©2016 Northern State Bank of Virginia | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Website Design & Development by W.A. Fisher Interactive. Report Problems.
Email is not secure and should not be used to communicate confidential information with the bank. Also, we recommend that you do not use email to notify us regarding time-sensitive matters such as lost cards, stop payment requests, transfer requests or loan questions.
I understand
×
You are leaving NSBOV.com
Northern State Bank of Virginia has no control over information at any site hyperlinked from this site. Northern State Bank of Virginia makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by Northern State Bank of Virginia of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall Northern State Bank of Virginia be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
I understand
×