https://www.ornorml.org
Oregon NORML | Dedicated to promoting positive legal, social, and political change in support of cannabis and the many adults who use it.
Dedicated to promoting positive legal, social, and political change in support of cannabis and the many adults who use it.
Home
Find A LawyerMMJ and Gun Rights
Marijuana to Schedule II
OMMA Handbook
Oregon Medical Law
NewsSources
Adopt-a Highway
GCM in the News
Race for the Cure
Blumenauer on Reform
Mayoral Proclaimation
OMCA In The News
Trudell Speaks at OMCA
Need Legal Assistance? 503-489-8792
About
Oregon NORML is dedicated to promoting positive legal, social, and political change with information and action in support of cannabis (marijuana) and the many adults who use it.
We work to reform state and federal laws regarding marijuana and bring an end to the harassment, arrest, and imprisonment of responsible taxpaying American citizens.
The rally cry for 2015 is the need to end discrimination against cannabis consumers.
Even after Measure 91 goes into effect one can still lose their job, their housing, their doctor, their children and student benefits. Education is still important, as people won't understand the nuances of Measure 91 and some will go to jail.
Remember, M91 is not a legalization initiative, it is simply a decriminalization initiative, now law.
Submitted by admin on Fri, 01/23/2015 - 07:08
Know Your Rights! Exercise Your Rights!
Am I free to go officer?
I do not consent to any searches.
I wish to remain silent.
I want to speak with my attorney.
NORML Chapters In Oregon
Portland NORML
Willamette Valley NORML
Hemp News
U.S.: Historic Sentencing Reform Bill Unanimously Passes House Judiciary Committee
California: National Tech and Cannabis Influencers Convene In SF At New West Summit
Study: Marijuana Is Safe and Effective For Pain Treatment
Colorado: Fast-Acting Cannabis Beverage To Be Released In Denver This Thanksgiving
D.C.: Drug Policy Alliance To Host Lobby Day On Capitol Hill To End The War On Drugs
more
NORML Blog
Study: Cannabinoids Are Safe, Effective For Pain Treatment
Ganja, Rastafarians and the High Times Jamaica Cannabis Cup
Study: Marijuana Consumers Less Likely To Suffer From Metabolic Syndrome
NORML’s Weekly Legislative Round Up
US Senate Approves Funding Provision Expanding Medical Cannabis Access To Veterans
more
Cannabis News
US: Silicon Valley's Unlikely New Frontier?
US FL: Florida Medical Marijuana Plan Expanded To 20 Growers
CN BC: Pot Dispensaries Advised By RCMP To Close Up Shop
CN BC: Mayor Calls For Uniform Rules For B.C. Pot Shops
US NJ: Battle Over Legalizing Marijuana Taking Shape in New
more
The Weed Blog
Washington State Receives Nearly 1,000 New Marijuana Retail Applications
Study: Cannabinoids Are Safe, Effective For Treating Pain
Congressmen Join Clemency Recipients At International Drug Policy Reform Conference
The New West Summit, Dubbed The ‘TechCrunch Disrupt’ Of Marijuana, Starts Tomorrow
Historic Sentencing Reform Bill Passes House Judiciary Committee
more
Oregon NORML is an affiliate of NORML - The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws. 503-489-8792 - members@ornorml.org