https://www.parship.co.uk
Online Dating Service: Serious Matchmaking for Singles at PARSHIP
Warning: You have java-script not activated. Please activate JavaScript in order to make use of all PARSHIP’s features.
To be able to use PARSHIP, please allow your internet browser to accept cookies.
uk.parship.com
parship.de
parship.at
parship.ch (deutsch)
fr.parship.ch (français)
fr.parship.be (français)
parship.be (nederlands)
parship.it
parship.nl
parship.dk
uk.parship.com
parship.es
parship.com.mx
parship.fr
parship.se
parship.ie
Member login:
Login
Stay logged in
Forgot your login details?
Member login
Online dating site for serious relationship
Your perfect match is just a click away
I am
a woman
a man
Looking for
a woman
a man
Please specify your gender.
Please supply your email address.
Your data is not visible and is fully protected.
Please determine your personal password.
Your password is not compliant with our restrictions.
For your security, use the following password format:
At least 6 characters
Letters AND numbers/special characters
Must not be the same as your email address
Register now for free
I accept PARSHIP’s terms and conditions and privacy policy.
Your data will remain confidential and will not be disclosed to any third parties.
Join and test today
Facts.
Ideal conditions for successful dating.
> 23.000
new members each week
New singles and partner suggestions day by day: Numerous opportunities to find exactly the right partner for you.
Total number of worldwide PARSHIP registrations
51% / 49%
Male/ Female distribution
Balanced gender distribution : the ideal balance for your partner search.
Information from active Premium Members worldwide in October 2013
38%
success rate
Wonderful prospects of a shared future: 38% of our Premium Members find the right partner with PARSHIP.
Source: member survey performed at the end of their Premium Membership
52%
percentage of graduates
Well educated, multifacted, attractive: with PARSHIP you will find a suitable counterpart.
Based on information from active Premium Members worldwide in October 2013
PARSHIP principle.
Love is more than a coincidence.
PARSHIP principle.
Love is more than a coincidence.
So we can bring you the matches with the most potential for a happy and long-lasting relationship, we rely on findings from 40 years of research in this field: The PARSHIP principle® analyzes 32 personality traits and is based on a matching algorithm of 136 rules.
Sounds complicated. Mathematical. Psychological.
But it is very simple: PARSHIP searches - you find. Learn more...
Anonymous + safe.
Nothing can happen. Except fall in love.
Anonymous + safe.
Nothing can happen. Except fall in love.
PARSHIP works hard to make sure you don’t have to worry about security and privacy when looking for a partner online: 128bit SSL encryption. ID check. Profiles verified personally by our staff. Secure photo albums.
What else can happen? Only one thing: that you fall in love. Learn more ...
News & Advice
The PARSHIP-Magazine features plenty of news about love, partner search, single life and relationships.
Our Gay & Lesbian Dating Service
More than just dating for gays and lesbians. gayPARSHIP is the right place for harmonic same-sex relationships: you will not be facing picture galleries or instant messaging, but instead be matched with compatible profiles.
Help & FAQ
What is the personality test? What are the advantages of a Premium Membership? Our Customer Support team will be more than happy to answer your queries.
The Serious Online Dating Site
PARSHIP is one of the leading online matchmaking agencies for discerning singles in UK and across Europe. By means of an objective, scientific process, the PARSHIP Principle®, the service helps its members to
find love.
PARSHIP wants to make people happy. The compatibility-based online dating service is specifically for people who want to form a lasting, honest and sincere relationship. PARSHIP is the British branch of Europe's largest and most successful serious online service for professional dating, which members are predominantly affluent, educated men and women between 28 and 55 years old.
Our service: affordable. Find love: priceless!
If you’re looking for a serious relationship, then PARSHIP is the right dating site for you.
It is a relationship site based on a unique compatibility test which assesses the way each member is likely to behave in a relationship and assesses personality, aspirations, interests and lifestyle.
PARSHIP has plenty of dating tips to help you make the most of your online dating experience. Just visit the PARSHIP Magazine for general dating advice and even submit your own questions if you like.
PARSHIP is designed to help discerning singles find meaningful relationships based on genuine compatibility factors and things that really matter. Why not sign up for an account and take our personality compatibility test today? It’s free and may be just what you need to start you off in your quest for that special someone.
Lucy, an IBM Programme Manager who met Pete through PARSHIP two years ago, says:
“I loved the compatibility test where I then stood a chance of meeting someone who I really was compatible with. Because of this, I believe there is true honesty on the site by those who take the time to complete their profiles in detail and the compatibility test. By the time I met Pete, I already knew we had a lot in common - 83% to be precise!”
UK Regional Dating
Dating hotspots
Dating in London
Dating in Manchester
Dating in Liverpool
Dating in Scotland
Dating in Wales
Dating in Northern Ireland
Genuine, professional people
Just like Lucy, our members are mostly professionals who know what really matters in life. Our members are looking for a long-term relationship, not just a quick fling.
Scientific compatibility test
Relationship Psychotherapist Paula Hall calls our test the best in the industry. As well as matching you with potential partners, it gives a real insight into how you behave in relationships, and what really makes relationships work.
Discretion and security
Parship has some unique features. Firstly, you control who sees your profile photo. Secondly, we carry out more profile checks than any other dating site in the UK.
When using the site, members can only communicate through PARSHIP’s anonymous contact and messaging system. At all points, you choose whether you supply another member with further personal details.
What the media say:
“PARSHIP, Europe’s leading online matchmaker...” - BBC Radio 4, June 2010
“Top recommended dating site” - Telegraph, June 2010
Rated “10 of the best” UK dating website - Telegraph, March 2010
International dating
PARSHIP
About us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Fees & Services
Safety
Affiliates
Help/FAQ
Mobile
DATING ADVICE
Starting on PARSHIP
Single Parents
Online dating profiles
Making contact
The first date
From a date to a relationship
ONLINE MAGAZINE
Single life
Looking for a partner
A real relationship
PARSHIP & dating
DATING ARTICLES
Christian dating
Free dating
Find a long-term partner
Expert dating advice
Tips for serious singles
Looking for marriage
TOPICS
Find love
Professional dating
Relationship site
Dating tips
Singles
Christian Dating
Women seeking men
Find a girlfriend
PARSHIP Mobile
© 2001-2016 PARSHIP GmbH (trading as PARSHIP.co.uk) - Made with ❤