https://www.passyourdrugtest.com
Pass your drug test - pass a marijuana urine drug test - pass drug test - pass a drug test - drug testing information - passing a drug test - random drug testing - dot drug tests - military drug tests - drug test faqs - ways to pass marijuana drug testing - urine drug test - pass blood drug test - hair drug test - drug test - permanent cleanses - saliva drug test - detox products - pass a saliva drug test - beat any drug test - hom drug test kits
Home
Shipping
IMPORTANT-Please read our shipping policy
Thursday Pickup for Saturday Delivery 2nd Day Air Deliveries Only! $51.99 flat shipping fee for this service.
Friday Pickup for Saturday Delivery Overnight Deliveries Only! You must select Saturday Delivery as your delivery option or it will be delivered Monday! $51.99 flat shipping fee for this service.
Orders to be picked up on Saturday must be in by 3:30 PM PST. Ground Orders are not shipped on Saturday! There is no additional charge for this service.
Shipping Cut Off Times: Orders must be in by 6 pm PST in order to ship that day
Learn more about our Shipping services
About Us
Who We Are
Passyourdrugtest.com is owned and operated by A-Z Enterprises. The TEST’in line of products that are offered on the site are manufactured and formulated by A-Z Enterprises. more...
Testing Procedures
The method by which we go about ensuring our products work is both scientific and verified factual knowledge. Our testing procedures involve countless hours of research and continued education.
Buy American
Many sites on the internet are drop shipping products for foreign countries and the money does not stay in our economy. We are an American company and your funds will stay in America.
Home
Urine Test
Rescue Combo
DUZ'z IT Never Fail
The Annihilator
The DUZ'z IT
TEST'in 90 Minute Tea
All Urine Solutions
Entire Body Solutions
5 Day Cleanse+Shampoo
7 Day Cleanse+Shampoo
10 Day Cleanse+Shampoo
15 Day Cleanse+Shampoo
All Entire Body Solutions
Blood Test
4 Day Cleanse
5 Day Cleanse
7 Day Cleanse
10 Day Cleanse
15 Day Cleanse
All Blood Solutions
Alcohol Test
BoozeBeGone
BoozeBeGone Combo
Keychain Tester
AfterBuzz
All Alcohol Solutions
Hair Test
Hair Mudd + Shampoo
TEST'in 8 oz Shampoo
TEST'in 4 oz Shampoo
Hair Mudd
8 oz. Detox Shampoo
All Hair Solutions
Home Test Kits
THC Marijuana Test
Amphetamines Test
2 Panel Test Kits
3 Panel Test Kits
All Home Test Kits
Saliva Test
Spit 'N' Kleen Detox Caps
Spit 'N' Kleen Detox Mouthwash
Spit N' Kleen Combo
TEST'in 90 Minute Tea Cleanse
Testing FAQs
Urine Test FAQs
Blood Test FAQs
Hair Test FAQs
DOT Test FAQs
All Test FAQs
Not sure which of our 50 plus solutions is right for you? Use our Online Drug Test.
Paper
Online Drug Test
Answer the 3 questions and a response that is sure to help you make a smarter decision is sure to follow. Any questions, please don't hesitate to email us.
Click here to take the test and fine the solution that best fits your situation.
Testimonials
Real Life Stories-1000s of Satisfied Customers
Read Stories-Or send us an Email. Call us Toll Free:
M-F 10am - 6PM PST Sat 10AM - 4PM PST. M-F 10am - 6PM PST Sat 10AM - 4PM PST
Tell Us Your Story-888-420-6556 or 775-356-8327. Or send us an Email. Call us Toll Free:
M-F 10am - 6PM PST Sat 10AM - 4PM PST
Contact Us
Contact Us
Telephone: To purchase products or request more information call us Toll Free at 888-420-6556 or 775-356-8327.
M-F 10am-6pm PST Sat 12pm-4pm PST Sun CLOSED.
If no answer call 775-356-8327.
Email:
a-z_enterprises@sbcglobal.net
M-F 10am - 6pm PST
Sat 12am - 4pm PST
Sun CLOSED
Live Chat:
M-F 10am - 6pm PST
Sat 12am - 4pm PST
Sun CLOSED
If no answer call
775-356-8327
Urine Test Products
TESTin 90 Min Tea Cleanse
Little Duz Detox 16 oz. Drink
90 Minute Chewable Tablet
Test Pass Maximum Strength
Test Pure Platinum
Crisis Capsules
Duz'z It 32oz Drink
Little Duz Plus
Chem-Out Dual Combo
Test Pass Detox Value Pack
Test Pass Maximum Strength Combo
Test Pure PLATINUM Magnum Force COMBO
Chem-Out Dual Combo Plus
The Annihilator Kit
DUZ'z IT Never Fail
Test Pure Never Fail
Test Pass Never Fail
Rescue Combo
Test Pass Detox Safety Kit
Permanent Body Cleanses
Pre-Cleanse Tablets
1 Day Cleanse
2 Day Cleanse
Nicotine Cleanse
3 Day Cleanse
4 Day Cleanse
5 Day Cleanse
6 Day Cleanse
7 Day Cleanse
8 Day Cleanse
9 Day Cleanse
10 Day Cleanse
15 Day Cleanse
20 Day Cleanse
25 Day Cleanse
30 Day Cleanse
Home Test Kits
Ampetamines Drug Test Kit
Barbiturates Drug Test Kit
Cocaine Drug Test Kit
Marijuana (THC) Drug Test Kit
Meth Drug Test Kit
Nicotine Drug Test Kit
Opiate Drug Test Kit
2 Panel Drug Test Kit
5 Panel Drug Test Kit
All Home Drug Test Kits
Articles & Info
Home Drug Test Kits
Ways to Pass a Marijuana Drug Test
How To Pass A Cocaine Drug Test
Urine Drug Test
Hair Drug Test
Ecstasy Drug Testing
Oxycodone Drug Testing
Methamphetamine Urine Drug Test
Ways to Beat a Drug Test
How to Pass A Barbiturate Drug Test Kit
Urine Drug Test Solutions
Our same-day urine drug testing solutions are made from the finest natural ingredients. More...
Hair Follicle Drug Test
Our Hair follicle treatment formulas penetrate to the core (cortex) of the hair shaft and immediately seek out any trapped detectable toxins and dissolve them.	More...
Permanent Body Cleanses
We offer real toxin removers surpassing anything else on the market. We do a full body toxin cleanse, NOT A MASK! More...
Random Drug Tests
All of our same day solutions are one serving and are good for the amount of time stipulated next to the product, please call us or use our live chat option if you have any questions.	More...
Saliva Drug Test Solutions
Pass any Saliva Drug test, Oral Fluid Drug test or Swab Drug test for THC, COC, OPI, MET or BZD! More...
Alcohol Drug Test Solutions
Alcohol, a "legal drug", is already abused by people in almost every age and socio-economic group.	Don't get a DUI, have a wreck or hurt someone. More...
Complete Body Solutions
Upon completion of the program all toxins will be removed from your blood and urine. More...
Place of Business Drug Tests
Today most facilities have cracked down on the testing procedures. In most places you will be frisked for bottles and additives, you will have to wash your hands to remove any chemicals .
More...
Pass Your Drug Test offers Solutions on how to Pass a Drug Test
Pass Your Drug Test offers many ways for everyone over 18 to pass a drug test easily. We don't just offer products to ensure a passing drug test, we go a step further and bring you loads of useful drug testing information to help you understand the whole drug testing process. Employee drug tests are on the rise and corporations make up their own rules these days. Random drug testing is their new weapon of choice. This means they come up to you while you are at your desk and tell you to come with them and immediately submit to a urine test, saliva drug test, or the most advanced method, the hair drug test. We also offer solutions to DOT drug tests and Military drug tests. Please check out all of our Drug Test FAQ's.
Pass Your Drug Test is Discreet & Confidential
At pass your drug test we value our customer's privacy first and foremost! All information transmitted between our customers and our company is protected through a 128-bit encryption. Our products are shipped in our shippers boxes or plain boxes with nothing relating to passing a drug test or drug testing products being visible. We have specialize in selling detox products since 1993, we sell drug tests, gift items and other similar products used to provide our customers with the ability to beat any drug test through methods of detoxification and our knowledge of years of experience. We offer permanent cleanses, same day solutions and different scenarios to help our customers pass blood drug test, hair drug test, saliva drug test, urine drug test, random drug test, DOT drug test, steroid drug test, military drug test, patch drug test and the finger nail drug test as well as how to pass the drug test for alcohol, amphetamines, barbiturates, benzodiazapam's, club drugs, cocaine, ecstasy MDMA, LSD, marijuana, methamphetamine's, opiates, PCP, prescription medication, and steroids. We also give information on false positives for the drug test, drug test detection times and urine, blood, hair, saliva, DOT, military and random drug test FAQ's.
About Pass Your Drug Tests Customer Service
Since 1993 we have been answering your questions on how to pass a drug test and assisting our customers on what product will help them pass the drug test? You can contact our dedicated staff, located in the USA for customer service and assistance anytime during the days normal business hours, Monday through Saturday by phone, chat our email and by chat or email seven nights a week, 365 days of the year, holidays included. We are here to help you succeed with passing your drug test even after you purchase one of our products! None of our competitor's can promise you that?
Some don't even bother answering their phone, doing chats or returning your emails. Our products are 100% Money Back Guaranteed, we don't have to give away free one, two, three or more products for every amount you purchase, ask yourself "Why do they" and remember what glitters isn't always gold. We are as as honest, truthful and forthright as we can and the law will allow us to be and that's why we have a good customer repeat business base and recommending us to their friends.
Pass Your Drug Test offers Solutions on how to Pass a Drug Test
We have specialized in drug testing and drug detox since 1993 and are one of the oldest and most trusted on the Internet with customer satisfaction and testimonials. We have helped thousand of customers in their time of need. We offer many solutions and scenarios to help our customers pass blood drug test, hair drug test, saliva drug test, urine drug test, random drug test, DOT drug test, steroid drug test, military drug test, patch drug test and the finger nail drug test as well as how to pass a drug test for alcohol, amphetamines, barbiturates, benzodiazapam's, club drugs, cocaine, ecstasy MDMA, LSD, marijuana, methamphetamine's, opiates, PCP, prescription medication, and steroids. Our products are made from the purest and most natural ingredients to naturally and effectively cleanses your body without the substitution of harsh chemicals that currently exist in some our competitor's products. We have provided our customers with the best, safest and strongest possible products on the market in order to satisfy their needs to ensure success in their current situations with passing any drug test.
Synthetic Urine Products
Click here to see our lineup of Synthetic Urine products.
Drug Testing FAQs
Urine Drug Test FAQs
Blood Drug Test FAQs
Hair Drug Tests FAQs
Saliva Drug Test FAQs
DOT Drug Tests FAQs
Military Drug Test FAQs
Hair Test Products
2 oz. Enhancer
2 oz. Hair Splash
4 oz. Detoxifying Shampoo
8 oz. Detoxifying Shampoo
TEST'in 4 oz. Shampoo Hair Kit
Hair Mudd
Hair Mudd + Shampoo
TEST'in 8 oz. Shampoo Hair Kit
Saliva Test Products
Spit 'N' Kleen Detoxifying Capsules
Spit 'N' Kleen Detoxifying Mouthwash
Spit N' Kleen Combo
TEST'in 90 Minute Tea Cleanse
Entire Body Detox Kits
2 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
3 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
4 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
5 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
6 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
7 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
10 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
15 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
20 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
30 Day Cleanse + Shampoo Kit
Alcohol Test Products
Booze Be Gone
Booze Be Gone Value Pack
Booze Be Gone and Keychain Tester Combo
Keychain Alcohol Tester with Bright Red LED Flashlight
AfterBuzz Hangover Relief
Drug Testing Info
Testimonials
Drug Use Time Table
Street Slang Names/THC
History of Marijuana
Marijuana Misunderstood
Live Drug Test Specialist
Online Drug Test
Drug Testing News
Drug Test Questions
How To Pass A Drug Test
False Positive Drug Test
Hablamos EspaÃol
Policies | Live Chat | Online Drug Test | Testing FAQ | Test Solutions
online subtitrat
seriale online
porno
filme porno
türk porno izle
filme online