https://www.paxrecordings.com
Websites for Musicians and Bands – Create a Music Website | HostBaby
We have phased out support for your browser, Internet Explorer 8 or older.Please upgrade to one of these other modern browsers for a better web experience:
Call us: 1-888-448-6369
Blog
Support
Contact
Log In
Sign Up
Websites for Musicians
Features
Pricing
Gallery
About Us
Build your website in minutes
Grow your audience
Sell and promote your music
Try it free today
×
Gallery
Our custom themes will help you stand out
from the crowd
Try it free today
Powerful Features
Every HostBaby site comes packed with tools to help
you grow your web presence online.
Engage and grow your fan base
From easy email list management tools, to full social media integration, concert calendars, and user-friendly blogging - you'll have everything you need to make new fans and keep your existing fans engaged.
Showcase music and video
With an intuitive audio player, sleek photo gallery and simple video embedding capabilities, your music and media take center stage.
Sell your musicwith ease
Not only will you be able to easily sell music and merch from your website, you'll also get 5 free album or single submissions to iTunes, Amazon, and 95+ other digital retailers--every year.
Now - Hostbaby members get free worldwide music distribution to itunes and more!
Responsive Design
Our mobile-ready websites automatically reshape to look good on touch screens of all sizes
Look greaton any device
We have a growing selection of customizable responsive designs.
To select a responsive template, simply check the box next to "responsive" while browsing themes.
Music player forall platforms
Easily upload tracks and build playlists.
The HostBaby audio player is designed to play on a variety of mobile, tablet, and desktop platforms.
Mobilenavigation
Traditional menu bars are hard to use on small screens.
We're committed to creating special mobile friendly navigation to solve this problem.
Complete Design Control
You'll never need to hire a designer
to look like a Pro.
Live real time editor
Change a color, font, or image instantly - without needing a designer or coding knowledge.
Beautiful fullycustomizable templates
You have complete design control over your template. Change colors, fonts, backgrounds, images and much more. Unlimited pages make it easy to customize it to fit your unique style.
Unlimited flexibility
With our drag and drop widget feature, you can easily embed calendars, videos, email lists,
widget apps and more
Try it free today
Great Customer Service
Get hands-on support from our talented staff
of tech-savvy artists.
We're musicians, authors, and artists just like you. The only difference is that we’ve been specially trained in ninja tech support skills
Questions?
We want to hear from you.
Phone Number:
1-888-448-6369
Hours of operation:
M-F: 8AM-5PM PST
SAT: 10AM-6PM PST
SUN: CLOSED
Mailing Address:
13909 NE Airport Way
Portland, OR 97230
Email us:
hostbaby@hostbaby.com
Already a member and need help?
Click Here
About
Feature
Contact Us
Price
Gallery
Sign Up
© 2000-2016 HostBaby - Websites for musicians. All Rights Reserved.
TERMS | PRIVACY