https://www.peacehills.com
Peace Hills Trust - Personal Banking
Skip to Content
Login to Online Banking
Home
In Our Community
About Us
Careers
Locations
Help
Contact Us
Rates
Personal
Business
Online Banking
Products and Services
Planning and Advice
Tools and Calculators
Login To Online Banking
Card Number
589542
Add a Memorized Account
To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.
Featured ProductsConsumer LoansRegistered Retirement Savings Plans
Tools & CalculatorsMortgage ComparisonPre-payment Charge CalculatorLoan CalculatorRetirementPlanner
BankingBankingWays to BankAccounts
News & Announcements
Congratulations to Chief Darcy Bear (PHT Board of Director) who is the recipient of the 2016 Aboriginal Business Hall of Fame
Lifetime Achievement Award and will recieve this presitigious accolade
at the Canadian Council for Aboriginal Business CCAB Toronto Gala on February 2, 2016.
``Chief
Darcy Bear is a national leader and has made Whitecap Dakota First
Nation a model of community-driven business development. He is a leader
who is respected by government, Canadian and Aboriginal businesses, and
his own community. CCAB looks forward to honouring his 25 years of
incredible service on February 2, 2016 at our annual Toronto gala.``
JP Gladu, President & CEO - CCAB
To read the full press release from CCAB, click here.
﻿﻿
Congratulations to Gordon & Andrew Cameron from Ocean Breeze Estates, located in Yarmouth Nova Scotia, on receiving an award from the Nova Scotia Home Builders Association for the most number of Energuide new homes built over the last 12 months.  Here`s what Andrew had to say:
``Like I told all of our guys, both subs and our employees, I'm going to go up and accept the award, but this couldn't have been done without them.  It was absolutely a team effort.  It's the same for all of our partners, from suppliers to lenders like you and your team at Peace Hills Trust.  We wouldn't have received this award without your help.``
Andrew Gordon, General Manager
Peace Hills is very proud of our customers and the work they do in their fileds.  Congratulations once again.
﻿﻿
Peace Hills Trust New Board of Directors Appointments
Peace Hills Trust Company, its’ shareholders, the Samson Cree Nation
and the Board of Directors are pleased to announce the appointments of
Chief Darcy Bear and Robert E. Rollingson to our Board.
Peace Hills Trust is Canada’s largest and oldest First Nation’s owned
financial institution providing financial and trust services, on a
national basis, to First Nations and their communities as well as
non-First Nation customers across Canada.  The Company is federally
incorporated under the Trust and Loan Companies Act of Canada and is
proudly owned by the Samson Cree Nation of Maskwacis, Alberta.
﻿﻿
Chief Darcy Bear
Chief Darcy Bear has led his Community of Whitecap Dakota First Nation for over 20 years, including the adoption of their own Land Code under the First Nations Land Management Act.Chief Bear’s business acumen, visioning, strategic planning and community development experience is well know in Saskatchewan and across Canada.  Chief Bear obtained his Business Administration Certificate from the University of Saskatchewan.  Chief Bear’s board experience is vast and diversified including Provincial Crowns, numerous business boards in hospitality, tourism and industry, National “Not For Profits”, and Educational Institutions, including current Chair of the Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technology (SIIT).Chief Bear has been the recipient of many prestigious awards and recognitions during his career, including the Saskatchewan Order of Merit and remains very active in participation in various speaking engagements at conferences and on standing committees.
﻿﻿
Rob Rollingson
Rob Rollingson joins  the Peace Hills Trust Board with over 35 years of Banking experience, including careers with BMO, Bank of Montreal, RBC  Financial Group and ATB Financial, Alberta Treasury Branches.  Mr. Rollingson is currently the General Manager (since 2005) of Indian Business Corporation (IBC), Head Office in Calgary, Alberta.  Mr. Rollingson’s reputation for providing sound financial solutions and creating long term relationships with First Nations through effective developmental lending is well known in the First Nations Markets.Mr. Rollingson has been instrumental in his work in securing innovative funding programs, partnerships and initiatives to assist First Nations in developmental lending and social outcomes.
﻿﻿
Chaiman of the Board of Directors - New Appointment Expand/Collapse
Peace Hills Trust Company, its’ Shareholders, the Samson Cree Nation
and
the Board of Directors are pleased to announce the appointment of
Chief
Robert Louie as Chairman of the Board.  Chief Louie has served
on
our
Board for 19 years, he is currently the Chairman of the Audit
Committee
and member of the Executive Committee.
Robert Louie LL.B., OC, of Kelowna, B.C. is the Chief of the Westbank
First Nation.  He is also the Chairman of the First Nations Lands
Advisory Board.  He served as a member of the Board of Governors with
the University of British Columbia and as a member of the President’s
Advisory Council of the University of British Columbia Okanagan (UBC-0).
Chief Louie is a former practicing lawyer specializing in Native
law.
He has served on numerous other boards and advisory bodies and
has
been
the recipient of many awards and recognitions over the
years.  By
far
the most prestigious, was his appointment as an Officer
to the
Order of
Canada.Peace Hills Trust Company’s past
Chair, Mr.
Warren Hannay
is retiring after 27 years of service.  We
thank Mr.
Hannay for the
leadership and many contributions he has made
as past
President, CEO
(retired 2008) and Chairman.
About Us
Peace Hills Trust is Canada’s paramount First Nations Financial Institute proudly owned by the Samson Cree Nation.
Learn More
Community
Our staff are dedicated to providing superior financial services throughout Canada, directly though our Regional Offices and our innovative electronic services.
Learn More
Products and Services
Peace Hills Trust offers wide a range of personal financial services to suit your needs.
Learn More
*Rates are provided for information purposes only and are subject to change at any time without notice.
Residential Mortgages (Rates effective 2015-12-14)
6 Month
4.500%
1 Year
3.150%
2 Year
3.500%
3 Year
3.750%
4 Year
3.850%
5 Year
3.950%
Get More Rates
Go Mobile!
Our Mobile App now has a new look and new features.  Download the new version of the Peace Hills Trust Mobile App today! Please click here to find out more.
﻿﻿
Changes to Online Banking Login
The change to Online Banking Login has been delayed from December 5th to January 24th, 2016.We are simplifying how you login to online banking. Starting January 24th you will enter your login credentials on our home page and no longer see the image. For more information on this change, please click here.
﻿﻿
Privacy
Internet Security
Legal
Site Map
Accessibility Statement
© Thu Jan 14 08:06:28 PST 2016
Peace Hills Trust. All rights reserved.