https://www.peoplesbankbyrdstown.com
People's Bank and Trust Company - Welcome!
At A Glance
Banking Services
Phone Banking
Personal Banking
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Debit Card
CDs & IRAs
Loans
Business Banking
Business Checking
Business Savings
Business Debit Cards
Business CDs
Business Loans
Locations
Financial Tools
Community Center
Resources
Online Forms
Stock Quotes
News & Sports
Contact Us
Online Banking Access
Pickett County Login:
Clinton County Login:
Learn More
Checking
Whether you're looking for the simplicity of a basic checking account or the earning power of a money market account, we have just the account for you! From students to seniors, personal to business, we have something for everyone.
Learn More
Personal Banking
People's Bank offers all types of checking, savings, certificates of deposit, and retirement accounts.
We also offer free online banking and bill payment.
Plus, we have telephone banking for when you are on the go.
Learn More
Business Banking
People's Bank can meet all your business banking needs.
From no-fee business checking accounts to financing for inventory, operating capital, equipment, or facilities, we have all the products you need to help your business succeed.
Learn More
Credit Cards
Earn Reward Points with our Visa Platinum Card.
And our Visa Platinum Card has multiple layers of cardholder protection that gives you an extraordinary level of security.
Click below for more information and to apply today!
Learn More
Mobile Banking
MOBILE BANKING WITH REMOTE DEPOSIT IS HERE!
Access your account information and deposit checks using your smart phone.
Click below for details.
Learn More
Online Banking and Bill Pay
Our Online Banking and Bill Payment are free, fast, easy, and secure.
Take the demo tour or contact us to find out more.
Learn More
Market Watch
*Stocks are not deposits, not insured by the FDIC, not guaranteed by the Bank, and may lose value. Quotes are delayed 15 minutes.
Weather
Peoples Bank and Trust Company - Byrdstown, TN / Albany, KY
Home
Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsUSA Patriot Act
Important FDIC Notice
NOTICE: Peoples Bank and Trust Company is not responsible
for and has no control over the subject matter, content, information, or graphics
of the web sites that have links here. The portal and news features are being
provided by an outside source - The bank is not responsible for the content.
Please contact us with any concerns or comments.
© 2015 Peoples Bank and Trust Company. All Rights Reserved.
Website designed by ProfitStars®.