https://www.pianobrothers.com
Listen Free to Piano Music Samples. O'Neill Brothers Music.
Menu
Home
Store
CDs
99c Songs
Gift Cards
3 CD Box Sets
Wholesale
Business Gifts
Find a Store
Sheet Music
Search by Song Title
Search by CD / Occasion
Sheet Music Books
Licensing
License Music
Shamrock-n-Roll
Affiliate Program
Music Themes
Media
Bio
Appearances
Videos
Photos
News
News
Recent Coverage
Photo Downloads
Fan Club
Contact
Sale
Home
Store
CDs
99c Songs
Gift Cards
3 CD Box Sets
Wholesale
Business Gifts
Find a Store
Sheet Music
Search by Song Title
Search by CD / Occasion
Sheet Music Books
Licensing
License Music
Shamrock-n-Roll
Affiliate Program
Music Themes
Media
Bio
Appearances
Videos
Photos
News
News
Recent Coverage
Photo Downloads
Fan Club
Contact
Sale
WHAT'S NEW
Our Music featured on CBS' "The Good Wife"
2 CDs Hit Billboard Charts
Summer Clearance Sale
Join to Get Monthly Updates/Specials
Help us Spread the Word: $15 for you!
O'Neill Brothers Available to Play Live
Our Featured Fan!
Email a video of why YOU love our music!
OUR STORY
Tim & Ryan O'Neill, multi-million selling recording artists from New Prague, MN, have released 40+ CDs of piano music in their relaxing, signature style through their record label, Shamrock-n-Roll, Inc.
The O'Neill Brothers have sold over 10 million copies of their piano music.
Tim and Ryan have performed for several governors, US Presidents and have toured with pop superstar Deborah Gibson, as well as Katie McMahon, the original voice of Riverdance.
Publications such as the Los Angeles Times, Mpls Star Tribune, Southern Bride, Parenting Magazine agree, describing their music as "reflective, soothing, soulful, and stimulating". They rave about their "keyboard artistry" and "enthusiasm and charming character".
We want to hear from YOU and how our music has played a part in YOUR life.
Let us know!
Peace & God Bless-
Tim and Ryan
Read More
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Tweets by @pianobrothers
PARTNERS
Affiliate Program
Read Messages From Our Fans About Our Piano Music!
Relaxing Piano Music:
"I can't tell you how much I love and am enjoying your piano music. I look forward to your next recording."
- Julie, Chico, CA
"Nothing is more beautiful than piano music, and your CD is the best I've ever heard or felt. Thank you for creating such a beautiful, relaxing, soul-lifting experience." - Lisa, Florida
"I felt the need to let you know how much I appreciate this CD. I am only twenty lost my father when I was fourteen. When I hear this beautiful piano music, it reminds me of how he is still watching over me. Thank you! " - Pamela, Tampa, FL
MP3 Downloads:
"Your piano music is beautiful and I especially like the instant MP3 download option. It lets me mix and match songs to create my own playlist!" - Polly B., Apple Valley, Minnesota
"I love your piano music. It's so easy to listen to and I have downloaded many MP3s." - James C., Lakeville, MN
Sheet Music:
"Thank you. Great site! I especially appreciate being able to choose the different sheet music keys. Half and whole steps down and up really help. Not very many sites offer this. Thanks again." - Nicole W.
Wedding Music:
"I own an outdoor wedding facility in South Carolina. I found this CD collection by chance while browsing the internet for wedding ceremony songs. I was overwhelmed by the enchanting music of these talented artists. We now offer these wedding songs for our brides for their ceremonies and they could not be happier. They sound wonderful in our garden
and everyone wants to know who the artists are. I can't wait for Volume II to arrive. I will be the first in line to purchase. Keep
traveling this musical journey....God has truly blessed you with a wonderful talent!" - Cynthia P. - Central, SC
"What a wonderful collection of wedding ceremony music and
wedding reception music, Being both Christians, it truly made our wedding day
'A Day to Remember' with the CD's
collection of Christian wedding music! Many of my friends were asking about the music and will be purchasing it
for their own weddings. It not only made the wedding reception perfect, it is a CD collection that will always
bring back memories of that day we married!" - Sarah T, England
"I just learned about The O'Neill Brothers about a week ago. I was at
a loss in finding the perfect wedding music for my ceremony and reception in September and I just happened to
stumble on the website. I bought 4 CD's (ADTR, PS, LA, & LW...thanks for the buy 3 get one 1 free deal!) and it is exactly
what my fiance and I were looking for. Plus, it won't go to waste after the wedding because
I LOVE this music and will listen
to it all the time. Thanks SO much!!" - Carrie & Vester A. - Bonaire, GA
Christmas Music:
"When you want classic Christmas carols, this is the best
Christmas CD! I love Carol of the Bells, it's one of my favorite Christmas songs.
Beautiful music!" -
Sandra, Grand Island, NE
"These are some of my favorite Christmas songs!
I had this CD playing while my family and I were opening Christmas presents and it just captured the perfect Christmas
memory in my mind that I'll never forget. It brought back all of my childhood memories too. This CD is a must for
the holiday season!." - Cheryl; Topeka, KS
"Holiday Home is a marvelous CD. I am very
pleased with all of your CD's. "Silent Night" and "White Christmas are my favorites. Keep
the excellent holiday music coming." - Susan, Minneapolis, MN
Lullabies:
"We refer to your lullaby music as "the miracle in the car." As soon
as we hit play, our baby is instantly asleep or in a lullaby trance.
Car rides have never been so peaceful! Thanks for bringing some much
needed sanity to our lives. We have recommended it to our friends
who are expecting babies as a must-have parenting tool!"
- Megan M.
"This is beautiful, soothing, elegant music. Favorite well known
nursery rhymes and children's songs played on the piano. The arrangements are simple
and yet much more complex than your average rendition of "Mary Had a Little Lamb."  I highly
recommend this for anyone with young children or any fan of piano music." - Christine; Chicago, IL
"Great CD. It has all the familiar nursery rhyme lullabies
I grew up with. I actually bought 2 copies....one for my daughter who is expecting her first child in October, and one for myself
for when I get to cuddle my grandbaby!" - Lynne H., PA
"We are expecting our first child in November. I could not imagine a more
beautiful CD to lull our baby to sleep. I find this CD very relaxing myself. The soothing piano music is the most
beautiful I have ever heard. I plan to buy many more of the O'Neill Brothers collections." - Angela, TN
Irish Music:
"The title track to this CD succinctly captures the
rich tradition of Notre Dame and a football weekend on campus. As an alumnus of
the University, this song makes us feel proud of Notre Dame, the place and the
people." - John, Atlanta, GA
"We absolutely enjoy the CD. Our son attended ND
and every time we listen, it brings back wonderful memories. We also love Irish music, so
Danny Boy is certainly lovely to listen to and The Parting Glass was
one of my Dad's favorites."- Eileen, Ridley Park, PA
"Whether or not you're a fan of Irish music, this CD collection is great!
I had some friends over for coffee, and they asked me What is that music that's playing? and I told them about the CDs.
They love it!"- Cindy - St. Louis, MO
Christian Music:
"While attending a craft show this past weekend, there was the most pleasant music playing in the background. As I perused the various exhibits, the music kept grabbing my attention and I finally found the
display of your CDs. I promptly purchased the CD which was currently playing "Let There Be Peace On Earth"
from your spiritual CD. I tearfully made my way to the checkout counter. What a find!" - Linda - Coon Rapids, MN
"While passing through a store in South Bend, IN, I heard some beautiful music
playing - it was many of my favorite gospel songs. I bought the CD "One" before I left
the store and have played it constantly both in my car and at home. Thanks for the special
songs...I've told my husband I want this CD played for my funeral some day--although I'm
not ready to go yet. God Bless!" - Richelle, St. Joseph, MI
"When I listened to the
CD "One" the first time I was moved by the beautiful music, I knew
instantly that I would listen to this CD while driving and also when I exercise
outside. The song titled "One" that appears at both the beginning and
end of the CD is so moving, inspiring, unique and beautiful. The blend of the
first song "One" in to song #2 "Quaker Hymn/Lord of the
Dance" is very surprising and creative. I highly recommend this CD to
others." - Denise ,Seattle, WA
The O'Neill Brothers CDs include a wide variety of popular themes:
Wedding Songs |
Christmas Piano Music |
Sheet Music |
MP3 Downloads |
Lullabies |
Irish/Celtic/Notre Dame Favorites
|
Love Songs |
Broadway Show Tunes |
Classic Movie Themes |
Spiritual/Inspirational Music
Piano Brothers
© 2016 Net Eagles Web Development