https://www.platinumloops.com
Loops and Samples to Feed Your Beats - Platinumloops
Home
Products
Genre
Instrument
MegaPack Bundles
Multisamples
Checkout
Customer Login
Purchase History
Free Loops and Samples
Tutorials
Tutorials
Free Sounds
Help and Info
About Platinumloops
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Platinumloops
How to Download Your Sample Packs
How to Buy
Home
Products
Genre
Instrument
MegaPack Bundles
Multisamples
Checkout
Customer Login
Purchase History
Free Loops and Samples
Tutorials
Tutorials
Free Sounds
Help and Info
About Platinumloops
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Platinumloops
How to Download Your Sample Packs
How to Buy
Welcome to Platinumloops - Loops and Samples for Your BeatsFeed Your Beats with our instant Downloads
Featured Products
Hip Hop Samples - Producer Pack 4118 Hip Hop Loops for serious beat makersThings just got serious! It's more drama with these dark and moody hip hop samples with that gangsta vibe you know and love. It couldn't be any easier to create totally slamming East Coast and West Coast Hip Hop Beats.
https://www.platinumloops.com/audio-player/hip_hop_producer_pack4_demomix.mp3
Sitar Samples - Essential Ragas86 Live Acoustic Sitar LoopsThe sitar is a mystical sounding instrument with a hypnotic quality and is able to conjure a truly spellbinding atmosphere. These live sitar loops and samples stay true to that magical sound.
https://www.platinumloops.com/audio-player/sitar_v1_vo.mp3
Vintage Funk Drum Loops104 Live Acoustic Drum LoopsFrom rim-shot reggae beats to 70’s style disco rhythms, cowbell beats and hi-hat grooves that conjure an aura of the 1960’s to the 1970’s when drums were recorded through a stereo pair of mic’s and compressed to hell and back.
https://www.platinumloops.com/audio-player/mixed_vintage_drums_v1.mp3
Reggae Guitar Loops84 live reggae guitar samplesIf you want your reggae beats to sound authentic, only real live reggae guitar loops will do the trick. These super skankin rythms will really set your tracks apart. Put some bounce in your reggae tracks with these skanking reggae guitar loops.
https://www.platinumloops.com/audio-player/reggae-guitar-loops-voice_duck.mp3
Metalcore Acoustic Guitar Loops120 dark and melodic guitar loopsMetalcore Acoustic Guitar V1 takes you to a dark yet beautiful place. This 654 Mb sample pack boasts 14 melodic metal song ideas with 120 fully stemmed out loops.
https://www.platinumloops.com/audio-player/metalcore-acoustic-v1.mp3
Killa Dubstep SamplesDownload 1 Gig of killer dubstep loopsStep away from the speakers! These bone crushing bass lines might just blow that sub woofer. You want wobble bass? You want evil, menacing synth riffs? You got it!
https://www.platinumloops.com/audio-player/killa_dubstep_demomix_vo.mp3
What is Platinumloops?
Platinumloops is your new silent writing partner. Think of us as your musical toolbox for getting the job done. With our massive library of Loops and Samples, you’ve got everything you need to get inspired and feed your beats.
Simply search, download and then drop our samples into your favourite DAW to start making your own killer beats.
Royalty Free Samples
All of the loops and samples in our download packs are 100% royalty free. This means you can use our loops commercially in your own songs and then sell your songs without having to worry about additional costs or licenses.
Sell your songs on iTunes or through streaming services like Spotify.
About Platinumloops
Platinumloops has been providing musicians, producers, songwriters and artists with inspirational sounds since 2002.
With genres that range from Progressive House to Metalcore and with instruments that range from Sitar to Harp, Platinumloops offers a massive palette of ideas to boost your creativity.
Search for Loops and Samples right now and turbo charge your music production. Use the links to the right or the search box at the top of the page.
Free Beatmaking Tutorials
In addition to offering a colossal library of sample packs, Platinumloops is also a great learning resource for producers of all kinds. Browse through our tutorials to learn something new today.
Ableton Live
DAWs and Sequencing
Garageband
Logic Tutorials
Massive Tutorials
Protools
Reason
Recording
Here are some of our most popular music making tutorials. Most feature video, audio examples and some free downloads. Please post a comment.
Enjoy Instant Downloads
Get access to instant downloads, delivered to you by email. When you buy loops and samples from Platinumloops you should be able to download your files right after completing a successful purchase. All transactions are totally secure and you can safely pay online with your credit card or Paypal account.
The loops and samples that you buy can be downloaded in easy to handle ZIP files which includes all 3 file formats of WAV files, Rex2 and Apple Loops. Multisample packs only come in the WAV format which is also compiled into a ZIP file.
Store Features:
Instant Download
Secure Online Ordering
Zip File Downloads
Windows Compatible Sounds
Apple Compatible Sounds
Free MIDI Hip Hop Drum Loops – Famous Drum Breaks
Platinumloops
| Featured, Free Sounds
|
No Comments
MIDI Drum Breaks V2 – FREE Due to popular demand, we’ve created ‘MIDI Drum Breaks V2’ to bring you more classic Hip Hop drum grooves in MIDI format. Save yourself hours of hardcore drum programming and simply load up these…
How to Produce Dirty South Beats
Platinumloops
| DAWs and Sequencing, Featured, Tutorials
|
No Comments
Over the last few years we’ve seen the popularity of Southern Hip Hop Music grow at an exponential rate. If you’re a Hip Hop producer of any kind there will undoubtedly be a time when you will need to create…
Hip Hop Samples and The Law
Platinumloops
| Featured, Recording, Tutorials
|
No Comments
Is is still safe to harvest your hip hop samples from old vinyl or are those days long gone? Here’s what all hard working Hip Hop producers need to know. It’s a sad fact that the days of care free…
How to Record and Mix Vocals
Platinumloops
| Featured, Recording, Tutorials
|
No Comments
Learn how to record and mix vocals in your own studio. Achieving high quality vocal recordings can be confusing at the best of times. Having clear and prominent vocals with the right processing can really enhance your mix and add…
Multiple Audio File Formats
At Platinumloops, we don’t force you to choose an audio file format when you download our products. We simply include all three of the most popular formats so that if you change your DAW in the future, you’ll already have the ideal file format when you need it.
Here’s what you get with all of our loop packs;
WAV Files
Apple Loops
Rex2 Loops
Loops and Samples
Genre (188)
Blues (2)
Bollywood (7)
Chillout / Lounge (4)
Christmas (3)
Cinematic (24)
Dirty South (4)
Drum n Bass (5)
Dubstep (16)
EDM (34)
Ethnic / World (17)
Indian (8)
Jazz (6)
Funk (19)
Hip Hop (47)
Horror (6)
House (34)
Complextro (6)
Progressive House (4)
Swedish House (3)
Tech House (3)
Jungle (2)
Latin (4)
Metal / Metalcore (21)
Orchestral (22)
Pop (15)
R & B (13)
Reggae & Ska (7)
Reggaeton (2)
Rock (16)
Soul (8)
Techno (10)
Trance (15)
Trap (4)
Instrument (144)
Bass Guitar (16)
Brass, Reeds & Horns (5)
Drums > Acoustic (23)
Funk (4)
Metal / Metalcore (9)
Rock (7)
Drums > Electronic (9)
Hip Hop (4)
Guitar > Acoustic (10)
Guitar > Electric (19)
Blues (3)
Hip Hop Guitars (6)
Metal Guitars (3)
Harp (3)
Keyboards & Piano (6)
Mandolin (5)
Percussion (12)
DJ Scratch (5)
Sitar (3)
Synthesizer (8)
Upright Double Bass (3)
Violin and Strings (21)
Vocals (11)
MegaPack Bundles (30)
Multisamples (8)
Latest Tutorials
WAV Files
Rex2 Loops and Samples
How to Make Beats – The Beginners Guide
How to Use Abletons Beat Repeat
How To Work With The Rex2 Files In Reason
Help & Information
Home
Products
About Us
FAQ
Free Loops and Samples
Contact Us
Search Platinumloops
How to Download
How to Buy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Your CartNumber of items in cart: 0
Your cart is empty.
Subtotal: $0.00
Estimated Tax: $0.00
Total: $0.00
Checkout
© 2016 Platinumloops.