https://www.pouchons.com
OB Energy | Baobab-Tek - OB Drink is a refreshing beverage, energizing and good taste.
Toggle navigation
FRANÇAIS
BAOBAB
INFORMATION
BENEFITS
RETAILERS
SHOP
CONTACT US
Need that extra boost?
We can help
Continue
A natural and efficient boost
Increased Energy Levels
Improve Sleep Patterns
Reduce Fatigue Levels
Maintain Healthy Heart Function
Improve Your Digestive Health
Drink With Benefits
Delicious, balanced and affordable for you and your family. It provides extra energy without any additives or caffeine.
is the drink for those who need natural energy during the day.
Where does Baobab Fruit Powder come from?
The baobab powder dehydrates naturally inside the fruit on the tree. The fallen fruit is cracked open, the fruit pulp is separated from the seeds and sieved into a thin powder. It’s raw and unprocessed.
No nutrients are lost and the powder remains in its natural form, as if you picked it yourself.
Ingredient: 100% Organic Baobab fruit powder
| Organic Certified | Ecocert Certified |
Baobab Superfruit Benefits
6 x Antioxidants of Blueberries
Baobab has one of the highest antioxidant capacities of any fruit in the world. It contains almost five times the antioxidants of fresh acai berries and twice that of goji. Antioxidants help protect our cells from damage caused by free radicals.
6 x Vitamin C of Oranges
Baobab is an excellent source of vitamin C which also helps protect cells from oxidative stress and contributes to the normal formation of collagen in skin. Vitamin C also helps with the regeneration of vitamin E which protects and repairs your skin.
6 x Potassium of Bananas
Baobab is rich in potassium, it contributes to a healthy nervous system, which is especially important for all of you who consume coffee, soda, alcohol, and foods high in sodium.
Twice As Much Calcium as Milk
Baobab contains more calcium than milk. Calcium is a mineral important for strong bones and teeth. Too little calcium can lead to the bone conditions rickets and osteoporosis.
CONTRAINDICATIONS AND SIDE EFFECTS
Although the use of baobab pulp powder is safe and does not present any toxicological hazards, however, it seems that a laxative effect occurs in case of excessive consumption, and a digestive discomfort is raised to a higher pulp consumption of 20g / d.Nour AA (1980) Chemical composition of baobab fruit (Adansonia digitata L.).Trop.Sci 22: 383-8.Sources : biolineaires.com
×
Concours Spectacle de Marie-Mai
Close
Shop
Click here to shop online
We accept major credit cards.
Contact Us
Contact Us
Eve-Lyne Cuggia
Founder / Chief Executive Officer
evelyne@obdrink.com
Johanne Bourdages
Administration/Accounting
comptabilite@obdrink.com
Rénald Mazile
Sales Executive
renald@obdrink.com
Sébastian Yvinec
Business Development Manager(Mexico)
sebastian@obdrink.com
Thierry Bellevue
Webmaster
thierry@obdrink.com
Contact Us
Name
Your E-mail
Your message
Submit
Bottler
Distributors
Follow us
Customer Service
Copyright © Boabab Tek inc. 2015