https://www.powerhouseradio.com
Classic Soul - pop - blues - dance music - Powerhouse Radio
Listen to Music
Last 10 Songs Played
Song Playlist
Classic Soul Blog
Powerhouse Radio News
Newsletter Archive
Features Archive
Crossword Puzzles
Music Book Reviews
Software Apps
Powerhouse Radio Shop
Music Artist Sites
Read the Classic Soul R&B Music Jam
Listen to Powerhouse Radio on Your Smart Phone
Teena Marie Lady T
Hot irons in the fire!  Fiery classic soul.  Lady T., Teena Marie didn’t have to take a backseat to anyone.  I was lucky enough to see her perform live one time.
It was in a large Philadelphia arena.  The size of the crowd did not distract from the intimate punch Lady T. hammered home that night...
Stephanie Mills In The House
Stephanie Mills, Kingsley Smith (King from Powerhouse Radio), and Diane Prior. It’s 1980, we are in the studio of WAYV-FM, Atlantic City, NJ. Diane, our evening dj, went on to WKTU-FM in New York City, and me to 4 different FM stations in Philadelphia, PA.
Sparkle Then and Now
Whitney Houston’s “Celebrate,” a nice uptempo duet with Jordin Sparks of American Idol fame was recorded in early February, 2012. The latest “Sparkle” movie was released in August, 2012. The original film from 1976 starred Irene Cara. “Celebrate” is included in the soundtrack.
Nile Rodgers Chic Le Freak
Nile Rodgers, the surviving founder of Chic, chronicles the rise of his group in “Le Freak: An Upside Down Story of Family, Disco, and Destiny.”
Co-founder Bernard Edwards died in Tokyo, Japan in 1996.
The distinctive production style of Rodgers was responsible for hits by Diana Ross, David Bow...
Whitney Houston So Emotional
From Newark, New Jersey to Beverly Hills.  Whitney Houston: born August 9, 1963 in Newark.  Died: February 11, 2012 in Beverly Hills. Celebrate her life with this “So Emotional” wallpaper from Picture Sleeve Pop.
Donna Summer Remembered
LaDonna Adrian Gaines was born on New Year’s Eve, December 31, 1948. She grew up in Boston with her parents and two sisters.  By the time she was 12, she was singing Diana Ross and Dionne Warwick songs.
On her approach to singing as an adult, Donna says in her autobiography “to this day I will a...
.#Music: (@Lyfeonline419)
Lyfe Jennings Covers Adele's 'Hello' From A Hood P...
Known for his soulful voice, Lyfe Jennings is no stranger to hitting notes and pulling out the emotions. In this flip, Lyfe is coming from a place where all women in "situationships" would love to see their other half come from...
.#Music: Oakland's Aria Minor Offers Up Heartfelt Ballad, 'Centerfold'
It’s rare to hear a hearty, R&B ballad nowadays, but Oakland’s own Aria Minor comes through to fill that void on her debut single “Centerfold."
.#News: Watch! Showtime Releases Official Preview Of ‘Michael Jackson's Journ...
Last week, it was announced that Michael Jackson’s 1979 LP Off The Wall would be re-released along with Spike Lee’s documentary “Michael Jackson’s Journey from Motown to ‘Off the Wall”. Now peep a preview of the doc!
.#Gossip: (@MsPattiPatti)
Is Patti LaBelle's Son Upset She's Dating Her Drum...
It’s been a great year for soul legend Patti LaBelle…Not only did she strike gold with her Patti Pies (and subsequent Patti Cakes), the Daily Mail Online reports that the 71-year-old singer is dating her 41-year-old drummer, Eric Seats.
.#News: (@rihanna)
Trying To Sell Something? Hire Rihanna! Singer Voted 'Mos...
The “BBHMM” singer surpassed other celebs including Angelina Jolie, Tim McGraw and Stephen Curry as the most powerful endorsement person for companies.
.#Music: Ride Out With Indiana's Sabatahj Who Wants To Get Freaky In His 'Old...
Midwestern newcomer Sabatahj' odes the old school sound with his new single “Old Skoo.” Using smooth 90s RnB with 80s funk grooves (per the Roger Troutman-inspired talk-box) and sensual southern finesse, the song is a slow ride
Web
PowerhouseRadio.com
Connect with us:
Contact Us
FAQs
Classic Picture Sleeves
Copyright 2000-2016 PowerhouseRadio