https://www.psmla.com
Puget Sound Mortgage Lenders Association
HomeContact Us
HomeAbout PSMLAMembership RosterBoard of DirectorsBYLAWSCommittees
Main Menu
HomeAbout PSMLAMembership RosterBoard of DirectorsBYLAWSCommitteesList of Events
Upcoming Events
Michael Fanning - Creating Value Added Relationships
01-14-2016
Home
Letter from the President 2015
Members, friends, and associates, welcome to what looks to be another great year with Puget Sound Mortgage Lenders Association. I am proud to say that with the help and generosity of our Membership and Board of Directors last year, we were able to make another generous donation to Muscular Dystrophy/ALS from the proceeds of our Golf Tournament and another strong donation to Rebuilding Together South Sound as a result of our Holiday Auction. It takes a lot of work to organize an event like that and we had a great group that worked a lot of long hours to make it happen.
The mortgage market is still here and alive. As we have in the past, we will find a way to ‘Embrace, Adapt, and Succeed' in this new environment and set of rules. 2015 promises to bring more on the Compliance front.  We are seeing consolidation among Mortgage Banking companies in an effort to afford the cost of compliance.  We have the TILA-RESPA changes coming in August of 2015.  It is becoming more important each and every day to understand these changes and their effect on your business, your clients, and ultimately you.
If you have not yet joined PSMLA, you can find an Application for Membership on the ‘Want to join PSMLA?’ tab. We look forward to seeing you at our Membership Meetings, which are listed on the website at www.psmla.com , as we hear about current topics and enjoy the networking opportunites that are available to you.
Here is to a 2015 that finds you challenged to become a better Mortgage Professional. We hope to help you get there!
Mark MellumPresident, 2015 PSMLA
Copyright © 2009-2016 Puget Sound Mortgage Lenders Association. All
rights reserved.
Contact Us
Privacy
Policy
Terms & Conditions