https://www.punknews.org
Punknews.org
Home
My News
Reviews
Tips?
Bands
Streams
Interviews
Best New Music
Podcasts
Tours
New Releases
Login
Red Scare 9 minutes ago0
The Falcon announce 'Gather Up The Chaps' and new flexi 7-inch The Falcon, which features Brendan Kelly, Dan Andriano, Neil Hennessy and Dave Hause, has announced that their upcoming full-length will be called Gather Up The Chaps and that it will be released on March 18, 2016 on Red Scare Industries. This will be the band's first full-length since
Unicornography, which came out in 2006. The Falcon will also be releasing the very first 7-inch flexi in New Noise Magazine's new Flexi Collection. Subscribers to the magazine will receive it with issue #23. The 7-inch features the band's new song "Hasselhoff Cheeseburger,” which will also be on the new record. You can read more about that
here. Read more
Paper and Plastick Music 1 hour ago0Aspiga: “Eucalyptus Nights”Substream Magazine premiered a new Aspiga track off of their split 7-inch with By Surprise. The new track is called “Eucalyptus Nights.” The band previously released "Fading Into Summer"off of the same split. You can click here to pre-order the split. Aspiga released What Happened To You? in 2014. Read more
New Review Update 17 hours ago0New Reviews for January 12, 2016 Today's reviews are: H2O -
Live in London
Cage the Elephant -
Tell Me I'm Pretty
Chris Stapleton -
Traveller
You can check out any of our reviews right here.  Read more
Equal Vision Tours 19 hours ago0Say Anything / mewithoutYou / Teen Suicide / Museum Mouth (US) Say Anything have announced a tour with mewithoutYou, Teen Suicide and Museum Mouth this Spring. Say Anything released
Hebrews
in 2014. Read more
Saintseneca
Such Things
The Briggs
The Briggs [7-inch]
Chris Stapleton
Traveller
Cage the Elephant
Tell Me I'm Pretty
H2O
Live in London
Sundressed
The Same Condition
Night Birds
Live in Atlantic City
David Bowie
Blackstar
Cayetana
Tired Eyes [7-inch]
Fable Cry
We'll Show You Where the Monsters Are
Shocks
The Heat [EP]
Ernie
Dog Park [EP]
Don Giovanni Tours 20 hours ago0Laura Stevenson / Crying / Chris Farren (US) Laura Stevenson will be going on a US tour with Crying and Chris Farren in the spring. You can see the list of dates and Chris Farren's video announcement below. Read more
Tours 20 hours ago0The Wonder Years / Letlive / Microwave (US) The Wonder Years are going on a US tour with Letlive and Microwave in the spring. Other special guests are said to be announced on a later date.
You can see the list of shows below. Read more
Advertisement
Dine Alone Music 21 hours ago0The Dirty Nil : “Zombie Eyed” (Live at Little Elephant)The final installment of The Dirty Nil session at Live at Little Elephant has been released. This installment features the band performing "Zombie Eyed." The Dirty Nil is set to release Higher Power on February 26, 2016 via Dine Alone Records. Read more
Videos 22 hours ago0Enter Shikari: “Redshift” Enter Shikari have released a music video for “Redshift.” They last released The Mindsweep in 2015. You can check out the video below . Read more
Videos 23 hours ago0No Skin: “Frustrate” (Punknews Exclusive) Today, Punknews is pleased to debut the new video by No Skin, the new band that includes members of In Defence and Mall'd to Death. "Frustrate" is 87 seconds of hardcore fury. On the track, the band bolts the savage fury of early DC hardcore to the low, rumbling heaviness of the New York style. The video is fittingly sparse, featuring the band in black and white, blasting through their song as quickly as they can.
The tune is off the band's new album, Asking for It. See the "Frustrate" video below. Read more
Music 1 day ago0Mogwai to release new album 'Atomic'Using reworked tracks from their soundtrack for the BBC's Storyville - Atomic: Living In Dread And Promise documentary, Scottish post-rock band Mogwai have announced they will release their latest album, Atomic, on Rock Action Records on April 1st. Staurt Braithwaite, guitarist, said of the album and it's predecessor: The Atomic soundtrack is one of the most intense and fulfilling projects we’ve taken on as a band. Ever since we went to Hiroshima to play and visited the peace park this has been a subject very close to us. The end results, both the film score and the record are pieces I’m extremely proud of. You can listen to the album's first single, "U-235," via Soundcloud below. Read more
Rhino 1 day ago0Pantera releases complete studio album box set on vinylFans of metal and vinyl enthusiasts alike have a new piece to add to their collection as Pantera has re-released five of their studio albums, with an additional 7-inch compilation of rare and non-album tracks, in a colored vinyl box set. The albums include Cowboys From Hell (1990),
Vulgar Display Of Power (1992),
Far Beyond Driven (1994),
The Great Southern Trendkill (1996) and
Reinventing The Steel (2000). You can snag a box set from Pantera's website here. Read more
1 day ago0Blowfly has terminal liver cancer Unfortunately, Blowfly's manager and guitarist, Tom Boker, has announced that the legendary musician has terminal liver cancer and multiple organ failure. He entered hospice care on January 12. As you may know, Blowfly, also known as Clarence Reid, is responsible for dozens of famous soul and funk songs. He also recorded with several punk musicians including Jello Biafra and Tesco Vee of The Meatmen. Blowfly will release a new album, 77 Rusty Trombones, in February. See Boker's entire statement below. Read more
New Review Update 2 days ago0New Reviews for January 12, 2016 Today's reviews are: Night Birds -
Live in Atlantic City
David Bowie -
Blackstar
Sundressed -
The Same Condition
You can check out any of our reviews right here.  Read more
Festivals & Events 2 days ago0Pouzza Fest announces another round of bands Pouzza Fest has announced another round of bands for the 2016 festival. This round includes Less Than Jake, Dead To Me, Brendan Kelly, Lemuria, Such Gold, The Red Owls and more. The festival had previously announced performances by Sick Of It All, Suicide Machines, The Deadnoughts, Ringworm,The Saint Catherines, The Fleshtones, Night Birds and many more. You can click here for the complete line up for Pouzza Fest 2016 and to purchase passes. Read more
2 days ago0Amebix to re-release 'Monolith' Amebix, who broke up in 2012, will be re-releasing their second album, 1987's Monolith. The re-release will have a new cover, feature remastered recordings, and have bonus demo tracks, as well as a bonus live concert. The release will be out soon via the band's own Amebix Records, distributed via Easy Action Records. The band reissued their first LP
Arise!
in 2014. See the new track listing for Monolith below. Read more
Load More Stories
ISSN 1710-5366
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Punknews.org
© Copyright 1999-2016 Punknews.org