https://www.regiogeld.de
Regents Bank
Online Banking
Lockbox
Remote Deposit
Login
New user? Enroll now
>
About Regents Bank
Our Story
Our Expertise
Our Locations
San Diego County
Washington
Our Leadership
Executive Team
Our Clients
Careers
Products & Services
Credit & Financing
Checking & Savings
Deposit Accounts
Online & Mobile Banking
Credit & Debit Cards
Treasury Management
News & Information
Press Releases
In Our Communities
San Diego County
Vancouver
Your Security
Consumer Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Fraud and Protection
Financial Information
Contact Us
Locations and Hours
Contact Form
Lost or Stolen Card
At Regents Bank, we provide our clients with a unique brand of Consultative Banking, which includes strategies and solutions drawn from decades of experience in serving business owners.
See Our Expertise
Discflo Corporation: (l to r) Max Gurth with Steve Sefton, Regents Bank President
Stop in and visit one of our offices today and meet our experienced banking professionals.
Find a location near you
La Jolla Cove: home to Regent Bank's headquarters located in the village of La Jolla, CA
Regents Bank is committed to fostering long-term business relationships with business owners and becoming their trusted advisor.
See Our Clients
El Pollo Loco: (l to r) Steve Sefton, Regents Bank President; Maurice Pack & Phong Huynh, Pack-Huynh, LLC; Jon Michael Caffall, Regents Bank EVP; and Charlyne Pack, Pack-Huynh, LLC
Important Announcements
Cybersecurity
Recent reports of targeted cyberattacks on banks included a reference to Regions Bank, which is not associated with Regents Bank. We want to assure our clients that Regents Bank remains vigilant against these types of attacks, and we continuously monitor our security protocols.
Please see our recent blog post on Nine Tips for Better Cybersecurity.
Fraud Protection
Due to the recent increase in credit and debit card security breaches at major retailers, Regents Bank is taking additional steps to protect our clients from fraud.  If you have any questions or concerns, please call your local branch office.
Regents Bank will never request a clients' personal information by phone or via email, nor will we provide links within an email to update information. Click here for more information.
Regents Bank Receives Five-Star Superior Rating
September 2015 - Grandpoint Bank, which includes the Regents Bank division, received a Five-Star Superior Rating for strength, stability and soundness by independent rating and research firm BauerFinancial for the ninth consecutive quarter. Learn more at bauerfinancial.com.
Access to more ATMs
You have the convenience of using any ATM for balance inquiries and withdrawals without paying any fees. Please note that if the ATM prompts you to accept a usage charge, you will need to accept it; however, the reimbursement of the charge is immediate. ATM deposits made by 12 p.m. on a business day will be credited to your account that same business day.
Quick Links
Nine Tips for Better Cybersecurity
Sponsor & Advocate of Chairmen's RoundTable of San Diego: Pro-bono mentoring for businesses
Grandpoint Bank Reports Third Quarter 2015 Earnings
Grandpoint Bank 2014 Annual Report
Lost or stolen card? Outside of regular banking hours, please call 866.546.8273. During business hours, please call your branch office.
For InTouch Telephone Banking, please call 866.395.5800.
©2016 Regents Bank. All rights reserved.
Security
Privacy
Online Privacy Policy
Blog
Email Link Disclaimer
Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, Regents Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. If this information must be stated, please contact Regents Bank by phone or at your nearest office. Thank you. If you "Continue", the link will open a new email message in your default email program.
Continue
×
External Link Disclaimer
Regents Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. Regents Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The Privacy and Security policies of the hyperlinked site may differ from those of Regents Bank. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by Regents Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall Regents Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
If you "Continue", the link will attempt to open a new window. If it is unable to, the link will open in the current window.
Continue
×
Please note that Grandpoint Bank's website will no longer support Internet Explorer 8, or older versions of Internet Explorer. Please upgrade your browser to fully experience the features and security of our new website. Thank you.
×