https://www.republicbank.com
Republic Bank
Menu
Open an Account
About Us
Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Help
Personal
Personal Home
Checking
Savings & Investing
Lending
Internet & Mobile Banking
Credit & Debit Cards
Private Banking & Wealth Management
Small Business
Small Business Home
Checking Accounts
Savings, CDs & Money Markets
Treasury Management Services
Business Online Banking & Bill Pay
Credit & Debit Cards
Financing
Commercial
Commercial Home
Commercial Lending & Leasing
Commercial Accounts
Savings, CDs & Money Markets
Treasury Management Services
Business Online Banking & Bill Pay
Credit Cards
Checking
Savings & Investing
Lending
Internet & Mobile Banking
Credit & Debit Cards
Private Banking & Wealth Management
LoginLoginFind Locations/ATMs
Personal Internet Banking
Enroll
Login Assistance
Login Assistance
Enroll for Internet Banking
Additional Logins
Visa Credit Card
ScoreCard Rewards
ACH Alert
Correspondent Lending
Republic Lockbox
Portfolio Account Link
Iniciar Español
Apple PayUse Apple Pay with your Republic Bank credit and debit cards.Learn moreHome Equity Line of CreditMake it easier by using the equity in your home for the things you need.Learn moreEasy CheckingTry our new Easy Checking account. No minimum balance and no monthly maintenance fee!Learn more
Tweets by @RepublicBank
View Your Statements OnlineDon't wait for your statement to arrive in the mail...View, save or print your monthly statements online for free.Read Our BlogWant to know what's happening in our community? Looking for the latest financial news and personal financial tips? Check out the Republic Bank Blog!Fraud Alert - Phishing ScamA phishing email has been sent out, utilizing Republic Bank branding. Click here for instructions on what to do if you have received this email.Supported BrowsersView our updated supported browsers and recommended settings. If you are using an unsupported browser, some parts of our website may not work for you.Which Account Is Best For You?Answer a few simple questions and find out which checking account is best suited for your banking needs.Mobile Banking OptionsAccess your personal accounts anytime, anywhere by using a text message, mobile browser or our free apps for iPhone, iPad, Android and Kindle Fire.**Looking For A Condo Loan?Looking to purchase a vacation home, lake house or condo? Get pre-qualified NOW! Now lending in FL, DC, VA and MN!Spread The WordRefer a friend or business and when they open a Republic Bank checking account, you'll BOTH get $50!Mortgage Rate WatchSet the rate you want and receive an automatic notification when rates reach your desired goal.Purchase RewardsGet cash back when using your Republic Bank CheckCard and reward yourself every time you shop!CheckCard Declines?Have you recently been declined for a CheckCard purchase? Here are some tips to help you avoid unexpected declines.
Real Estate for Sale  |
Financial Resources  |
Lost or Stolen Card?  |
Check Reorder  |
Secure Email
Republicbank.com Information 1-888-782-3333
Taxpayer Assistance 1-866-581-1040
Member FDIC.
Equal Housing Lender. Equal Opportunity Lender.
Investor Relations
Security
Privacy
Switch Kit
Sitemap
* As of 01/08/2016, Annual Percentage Rate (APR) is the highest Prime Rate (index) published in the 'Monthly Rates' section of the Wall Street Journal on a monthly basis, but APR cannot decrease below floor rate of 3.50% (As of 01/08/2016, the Prime Rate is 3.50%). After 12 month introductory fixed rate, rate adjusts based on Prime Rate. Maximum 18% APR. Maximum loan amount is $250,000 and 90% CLTV. Your loan amount will be determined by your home value, available equity, and credit history. Minimum payment may not be sufficient to repay outstanding loan balance at the end of the draw period and may result in a single balloon payment. This loan may have a prepayment penalty; ask us for details. You must have opened or open your primary checking account to receive $0 standard closing costs. Your primary checking account must be maintained in active status for the term of the HELOC or a $500 fee may be assessed. Please ask us about the Promotional Closing Cost Program Participation Agreement for more details. $50 annual fee after first year. This loan is not available for the purchase of a primary residence and no loan proceeds can be used to pay off any existing loan obligation with Republic Bank & Trust Company. Offer and rates subject to change. Loan subject to underwriting and approval. Additional restrictions apply. Limited time offer. Republic Bank & Trust Company Loan Originator ID # 402606.** Message and data rates may apply from your wireless carrier. Usage and qualification restrictions apply.**** The Annual Percentage Rate ('APR') is a variable rate. The APR shall be based on the highest Prime Rate listed in the Monthly Rate section of the Wall Street Journal on the 1st day of each month (or if the 1st is a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, the next business day) and adding 10.2% - 15.2% to that rate based on your credit worthiness at time of application, not to exceed 21%. Any change in the APR will go into effect on the first day of your new billing cycle that follows the effective date, as herein defined, of the Wall Street Journal published Prime Rate change and may result in an increase or decrease in the INTEREST CHARGE imposed on your account.
Easy Checking
Basic Checking
Advantage Checking
Pinnacle Checking
Premier 60
Military Honors
Checking Builder
Simple Access
Student Banking Center
Advantage Savings
Easy Savings
Young Savers
Money Market Account
CD - Certificates of Deposit
CDARS
IRA - Individual Retirement Accounts
HSA - Health and Savings Account
Mortgages
Home Equity
Unsecured Loans
Credit Builder
Home Affordable Refinance Program (HARP)
Mortgage Assistance & Repayment Options
Auto Loans
Internet Banking
Mobile Banking
Browser and Operating System Requirements
Credit Cards
CheckCards/ATM Cards
Private Banking
Wealth Management & Trust