https://www.riograndemud.com
Toby Sheets - Voice Actor / Talent - Denver Colorado
With over twenty years as an industry professional under his belt, Toby is
able to draw from a wealth of experience and accumulated knowledge to provide
you with the very best product possible. Throughout his career, Toby has dedicated
himself to providing audio production and voiceovers of superior quality to
all of his clients, large and small. From sound design for major corporations
such as Six Flags Over Texas and Dollywood, music production and recordings
for artists such as the Toadies, Reverend Horton Heat, Brave Combo and the
Dixie Chicks, television commercials, university and medical narration, to
promos for local automobile dealerships and radio stations, Toby's experience
with a broad array of clients allows him to expertly create a perfect product
for you, whatever your needs.
"Toby Sheets is fantastic to work with. Very flexible and professional. We were very happy with the outcome. " - University of British Columbia"
"Toby Sheets perfectly captured the sound we were looking for and was very prompt. I definitely recommend him!"
"Toby Sheets was incredible! Took direction really well and gave us a lot of options. Very easy to work with..."
"Although Toby Sheets states a processing time of 1-2 days, we got the result within a few hours..."
"Great job, super fast turnaround!" - Adult Literacy League
"Toby Sheets has been a delight to work with!"
"That was incredibly fast and exactly what I imagined. Well done!"
"Perfect!"
"our customer's positive feedback for your voiceover: they really liked it!"
"We delivered the video to our client, who's extremely happy with it!" - HiveDivision
"Thanks, Toby, these sound great!"
"It's a big favorite thank you for the great work on this!" - Westaff Recruiting
"Excellent execution, very fast project turnaround. Will be using again!"
"Stellar read, perfect for our project and target audience. Thank you!"
"This is so awesome! Thank you!"
"SUPERFAST Turnaround, Pro Communication, and a P E R F E C T read!" - MindCrime Films
"Excellent work! Just the way I want it! No revisions necessary"
"Would recommend Toby's services to anyone looking for a high quality voice to accompany their videos."
"Cannot recommend Toby Sheets enough! Thanks!"
"Always the best! Thanks for delivering the best product!"
"Toby narrated an instruction video for us perfectly!"
"Completed my order perfectly with the direction given and was incredibly fast with the turnaround."
AGENT:
GoVoices
(303) 623.2723
EMAIL