https://www.sapphirecasino.com
Sorry We are CLOSED - Rushmore Casino
SORRY WE'RE CLOSED!
We can be contacted at deposits@rushmoreonline.com
until January 15th, 2016.
Terms & Conditions
Please read this agreement carefully and make sure you fully understand its contents. If you have any doubts about your rights and obligations resulting from the acceptance of this agreement, consult a legal attorney in your jurisdiction.
Rushmore Casino is restricted to individuals of legal age of majority who are residents of jurisdictions ("Players") where the use of Rushmore Casino and its games ("Games") is not prohibited by law. All Rushmore Casino games are void where prohibited by law. Minors are strictly forbidden to play. No purchase is necessary to play. Players may enter and play Games free of charge and without betting money.
Rushmore Casino hereby grants the player a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable sub-license to use the software for playing in the casino.
Rushmore Casino reserves the right to change this agreement from time to time. The player is responsible for consulting the website and/or the Help files at least once every three months. The player accepts and agrees to abide by both the terms and conditions of this agreement, as amended from time to time, and the rules of the casino games.
Rushmore Casino uses advanced encryption systems to protect the user name and password information, and any other sensitive information transferred to and from the client application and Rushmore Casino servers, thus protecting the player and the casino against manipulation attempts by a third party.
The player is at least 21 years of age or has reached the legal age of maturity in his/her jurisdiction, whichever is greater. Rushmore Casino’s operation of virtual casino gambling is directed only towards players who, by the laws of their home jurisdiction, are not prohibited from gambling on the Internet through the application of the software. Some jurisdictions have not yet addressed the legality of the use of software for gambling, while other jurisdictions have specifically made Internet gambling illegal. It is impossible for Rushmore Casino to determine the state of the law in every jurisdiction around the world on an ongoing basis. Therefore, the player accepts sole responsibility for determining the laws that apply in his/her jurisdiction. The player is responsible for any consequences that may transpire as a result of his/her not determining the legality of Internet gaming in his/her jurisdiction. Player understands that Player may play games free or for money. Player does not find the Game of the Website to be offensive, objectionable, unfair, nor indecent.
Commercial use of Rushmore Casino is strictly forbidden. The player will play only for private and non-professional purposes. Before placing bets, the player is responsible for verifying the laws on gambling which governs the place where the Rushmore Casino client is used.
7.	Player shall hold the Company, its employees, officers, directors, licensees, distributors, wholesalers, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion or other agencies, media partners, agents and retailers harmless and blameless, and shall fully indemnify the same from any and all costs, expenses, liabilities and damages whatsoever that may arise as a result of Player’s:
entry, use, or reuse of the Website,
use of any materials at the Website,
entry, use, or reuse of the Casino Server,
participation in the Game, or,
the acceptance of any Prize.
Rushmore Casino will act as the final arbitrator or any dispute involving Rushmore Casino and any other party. Rushmore Casino reserves the right to employ an arbitrator of its choice to act as an agent of arbitration in place of Rushmore Casino in the event of a dispute.
Before making your first withdrawal of any amount at the casino, the Authorization Form must be properly printed, clearly filled out, and scanned and emailed back to Rushmore Casino before any monies will be sent. Rushmore Casino reserves the right to request an Authorization Form at any time and may terminate any account that does not satisfactorily complete and/or return the Authorization Form in a time period determined as reasonable by Rushmore Casino. In such a case, Rushmore Casino may unilaterally determine resolution of any account funds.
When a bonus is redeemed, wagering on restricted games is forbidden. Doing so will void any winnings. Rushmore Casino reserves the right to withhold any amount in excess of the player’s original deposit from a player’s withdrawal if the play bonus is wagered on restricted games. Different bonuses have different restricted games, and it is the player’s responsibility to review each bonus specific terms, for the restricted games list. Rushmore Casino reserves the right to refuse or rescind the play bonus for any reason including, but not restricted to, player abuse. In case of abuse, Rushmore Casino reserves the right to discontinue player’s membership and to prevent the player from accessing Rushmore Casino in the future.
A maximum of $2000 (Two Thousand US Dollars) will be approved and sent per week; all balances in excess of $2000 will be approved and sent in increments of $2000 the following week(s).
Bonuses will be credited on deposits only. Reversed withdrawals are not considered deposits and will not be matched with a bonus.
If any of a player’s real money deposits to the casino are reversed due to insufficient funds, chargeback, or any other reason, irrespective of the payment method, the casino withholds the right to cancel any bonuses, credits, wins or withdrawals. Play bonuses will be given only once per household and/or per account, as per our terms of use. If a second account is opened it will be closed and all play bonuses and winnings may be cancelled. The Player is fully aware of the fact that his credit card, when used for deposit/purchase will be immediately billed after deposit/purchase.
All PLAY BONUS credits are for wagering purposes only. (No withdrawal will be honored for an amount less than the PLAY BONUS.) Upon a withdrawal request (regardless of the number of deposits), any amount up to the equivalent value of the PLAY BONUS will be deducted from your play balance or winnings prior to settlement. The first credits wagered will be deducted from your deposit(s) rather than from the PLAY BONUS). All deposits must be wagered at least once before cash out.
You agree that we or a payment processing company on our behalf will handle all financial account transactions ("Payment Processor"). You hereby agree that the Payment Processor reserves the right to withhold any payments should the Payment Processor have reason to believe or any suspicion that you may be engaging in or have engaged in fraudulent, collusion, unlawful, or improper activity.
You agree to fully pay any and all payments due to us or any third party in connection with your use of the Online Casino. You further agree not to make any charge-backs and/or renounce or cancel or otherwise reverse any of your due payments and in any such event you will refund and compensate us for such unpaid payments including any expenses incurred by us in the process of collecting your payment.
We promise to answer all queries within 3 business days from time of receipt.
You can only use the Online Casino and/or the Website if you are the legal age as determined by the law of the country where you live. You cannot use the Online Casino and/or the Website if you are under 21 years of age in any circumstances.
Some legal jurisdictions have not addressed the legality of online gambling and others have specifically made online gambling illegal. We do not intend that anyone should use the Online Casino and/or the Website where such use is illegal. The availability of the Online Casino and/or the Website does not construe an offer or invitation by us to use the Online Casino in any country in which such use is illegal. Use of the Online Casino is void wherever prohibited by any applicable law. You accept sole responsibility for determining whether your use of the Online Casino is legal in the country where you live.
You cannot withdraw via the following means if a deposit with credit card has generated the winnings: Moneybookers, Neteller.
Player shall periodically review at a rate not less than once monthly these Terms and Conditions as posted at this Website. Player shall not participate in the Games, open, use or reuse an account, enter the Website, or the Casino, nor accept any Prize if Player does not fully understand, agree to, become a party to, and shall abide by, without exception, all rules, regulations, terms and conditions contained herein and as such rules, regulations, terms and conditions may change periodically.
The player is obliged to keep his/her private username and password secret and confidential. Any use of the software application through the player’s username is the sole responsibility of the player. The player will not allow any third party or person, including and without limitation to any minor, to use his/her account to place wagers or participate in the games in any way. The player is fully responsible for any taxes and fees applicable to winnings resulting from use of the software.
If winnings are taxable in the player’s jurisdiction, the player is required to keep track and report the winnings to the appropriate authorities. Personal identity and details of all members will remain confidential. Rushmore Casino will not report wagering information on behalf of any member. Rushmore Casino reserves the right to cancel your membership at any time without notice. Any balance in your account will be immediately credited back to your credit card or sent to you by check. In addition, Rushmore Casino reserves the right, in its total discretion, to void any winnings and withhold any balance in a Rushmore Casino account under any of the following circumstances:
In the case where the casino is not able to verify the player’s documents and identity fully, the casino may require that the player send some further documentation in order to complete this process.
If the name on Rushmore Casino account does not match the name on the credit card(s) used to deposit money into the account
If you provide false and or misleading information used to open Rushmore Casino account.
If you are not of legal age in the jurisdiction where you reside.
If you reside in a jurisdiction, where law prohibits the use and participation of such games.
If you have allowed or permitted (purposely or not) another party to play on Rushmore Casino account.
If you have reversed or charged back any of your purchases on Rushmore Casino account.
You are allowed ONLY ONE ACCOUNT per household, computer and workplace. Winnings will only be paid to players having ONE account. If you have more than one account, all winnings and bonuses will be VOIDED.
If you are found cheating or if it is determined by Rushmore Casino that you have used a system or machine, be, it an additional computer, additional software or otherwise used to circumvent the natural randomness of our systems.
The name on the casino account does not match the name of the beneficial owner of the financial instrument used to make the deposit or withdrawal.
If you do not log onto your Casino account for a period of 180 days, any balance in your account will be forfeited to the Company.
All rules and regulations contained herein represent the complete and final agreement between you and Rushmore Casino and supersede any and all prior agreements. This agreement shall also be deemed an exclusive agreement between you and Rushmore Casino.
Rushmore Casino©. The software is protected under applicable copyright laws. Title, ownership and all intellectual property rights in the software remain with Rushmore Casino, including images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music and text that may be part of the software. Duplication, redistribution or publication of any of the content or part of the software is strictly prohibited. Title, ownership and all intellectual property rights in the name "Rushmore Casino" remain with Rushmore Casino, as the case may be. By installing and using this software, the player hereby agrees to have fully read and understood the above Terms and Conditions and so agrees to be bound by them.
This casino is operated by PlayMore Marketing, Curacao, Netherlands Antilles.