https://www.scahr.info
salvia divinorum extract and leaf, magic mushrooms and marijuana seeds
Marijuana Seeds | Salvia Divinorum | Pipes & Bongs | CBD Hemp Oil
Currency:
British Pounds (GBP)
Euros (EUR)
US Dollars (USD)
Krona (SEK)
Krone (NOK)
Blog
Contact Us
links
Free Gifts
herbal incense blends
Live salvia plants
Printable Order Form
Bitcoin for legal highs
FAQ
Salvia Divinorum
Extract and Leaf deal
Salvia divinorum extract
Salvia divinorum leaf
Live salvia plants
Magic mushrooms
Fly Agaric mushrooms
Spore syringes
Marijuana seeds
Barneys farm seeds
Black Skull Seeds
Buddha seeds
Ch9 feminised seeds
Dutch passion seeds
Female seeds Co.
Greenhouse pot seeds
Joint doctor lowryder
KC brains seeds
Lowlife female seeds
Lowlife seeds
Nirvana regular seeds
Nirvana female seeds
Sativa Seedbank fems
Sativa seedbank regs
Serious seeds
shortstuff seeds fems
Shortstuff seeds regs
spice brothers
Incense blends
Herbal Nation Incense
loose blends
Neder blends
Solid resin incense
Herbal goods
Entheogen extracts
Entheogens
Party pills
Mushroom Supplies
Edible mushroom kits
Edible spore vials
Mushroom grow supplies
Smoking accessories
Rolling boxes and trays
Smokers gift hampers
CBD Hemp Oil
Endoca CBD Hemp Oil
PlusCBD Hemp Oil
420 science
420 classic stash jars
420 mini microscopes
Pipes and Bongs
Black leaf bongs
Budget Acrylic bongs
Deluxe pipes
Gravity vortex bong
incredibowl bong
Metal kit pipes
Novelty pipes
Otherside bongs
Vapourisers
Scales
Digital Scales
Traditional Scales
On Balance
Tanita
Herb Grinders
accessories
Grinders
Do you want a 10% discount?
If you choose direct payment as your payment during the checkout process you will automatically receive a 10% discount! Read More
Salvia Online headshop
Welcome to the revamped salviaonline headshop website where you can buy salvia divinorum online in the UK - we hope you like it!You can now pay for your legal highs, incense blends and salvia divinorum with bitcoin to protect your privacy and receive a 10% discount- read about Bitcoin.BIG NEWS - 09.11.15 - salvia divinorum cuttings in stock now!CBD Hemp Oil now in stock - we are now stocking a small range of CBD Oil products from endoca and cannvest.Post ban incense blends available now! Dutchy, clockwork orange, Epic and Squidgy BlackSalviaonline, salvia divinorum, herbal highs and marijuana seedsWelcome to salvia online online headshop where we sell salvia divinorum extract, salvia divinorum tincture, spice, afghan incense, incense blends, party pills and cannabis seeds as well as a new range of herbal highs. We also offer information on salvia divinorum. We have a great range of new herbal smoke blends that are comparable to the old products like spice, spice diamond and afghan incense.Holy smokes is an incredibly potent loose leaf herbal incense and it is excellent value at £16.99 for 3 grams. Bombay blue extreme is another very potent blend that is available as a solid resin as well as a loose leaf blend.
Online Shop
CBD Hemp OilEndoca CBD Hemp Oil, PlusCBD Hemp OilHerbal goodsEntheogen extracts, Entheogens, Party pillsIncense blendsHerbal Nation Incense, loose blends, Neder blends, Solid resin incenseMagic mushroomsFly Agaric mushrooms, Spore syringesMarijuana seedsBarneys farm seeds, Black Skull Seeds, Buddha seeds, Ch9 feminised seeds, Dutch passion seeds, Female seeds Co., More in 'Marijuana seeds'...Mushroom SuppliesEdible mushroom kits, Edible spore vials, Mushroom grow suppliesSalvia DivinorumExtract and Leaf deal, Salvia divinorum extract, Salvia divinorum leaf, Live salvia plantsSmoking accessoriesRolling boxes and trays, Smokers gift hampers420 science420 classic stash jars, 420 mini microscopesPipes and BongsBlack leaf bongs, Budget Acrylic bongs, Deluxe pipes, Gravity vortex bong, incredibowl bong, Metal kit pipes, More in 'Pipes and Bongs'...Herb Grindersaccessories, GrindersScalesDigital Scales, Traditional Scales, On Balance, Tanita
Salvia divinorum is a member of the mint family which also includes such familiar herbs as oregano and basil. There are dozens of Salvia species, but Salvia divinorum is the only one known to contain the psychoactive diterpenes salvinorin A and B. Salvia divinorum is a very rare plant, being found in only a few ravine locations in the Sierra Mazateca mountains of Mexico. A sacred plant, used by the Mazatec indians, revered for it's hallucinogenic effects.
The primary psychoactive constituent is salvinorin (a bicyclic diterpene with formula C23H28O8). This substance was unknown until recently and is still not well understood. How Salvia's chemistry works is still a mystery. Natives of Oaxaca Mexico used Lady Salvia for centuries for healing patients and divination
Please check your local laws before placing an order as we cannot be responsible for products being confiscated when going though customs. It is illegal to germinate cannabis seeds in most countries and salviaonline do not encourage this whatsoever. All seeds are sold as souvenirs and the purchaser assumes all responsibility for checking local laws before ordering as salviaonline do not wish anyone to act in conflict with the law and will not accept responsibility for those that do so.
Please read our full terms and conditions before ordering.
Warning: Under Section 6 of the UK Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 it is an offence to cultivate any plant of the genus Cannabis in the UK without a license from the Secretary of State.
All seeds are sold as souvenirs only. Due to the fact that some countries legally allow growing of hemp seeds some specifics are documented. This data is normally distributed via the World Wide Web and is available internationally. No inference, association, affiliation or approval can be drawn from the distribution of web site or other media.
Recent Blog Posts
Shopping Cart
(empty)
Featured Items
Salvia Divinorum Leaf
from £12.49
Salvia Divinorum 5x Extract
from £7.99
Herb herbal incense blend ultimate strength
from £24.99
Fast funghi mushroom growkit
from £24.99
Dutchy incense blend
from £9.99
Special Delivery next day delivery
£4.00
Launch Box Vapourizer
£39.99
Marijuana Seeds | Salvia Divinorum | Pipes & Bongs | CBD Hemp Oil