https://www.shootingpeople.org
Genealogy Scottish family birth records census ancestry Scotland uk - ScotlandsPeople
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies. Find out more.
Scotland's People
Register now or login
Login Help
Username:
Password:
Scotland's people site navigationHome
Search the records
Free starter search
Statutory Registers
Old Parish Registers
Catholic Registers
Census Records
Wills & Testaments
Coats of Arms
Valuation Rolls
Soldiers' Wills
About our records
Record availability
Record examples
Charges
All records topics
Help & resources
Getting started
Help with searching
Help with the results
Research tools
All help topics
FAQs
Record types
Payment & access
Copyright
All FAQs
Features
Visit the centre
Famous Scots
Census facts
Visiting Scotland
Statutory Registers
Births
Marriages
Deaths
Old Parish Registers
Births & Baptisms
Banns & Marriages
Deaths & Burials
Catholic Registers
Births & Baptisms
Banns & Marriages
Deaths & Burials
Other Events
Census Records
1841 1851 1861 1871 1881 1891 1901 1911
1881 (LDS)
Valuation Rolls
1855 1865 1875 1885 1895 1905 1915 1920 1925
Free Search Records
Military Service Appeals Tribunal
Soldiers' Wills
Wills & Testaments
Coats of Arms
Welcome to ScotlandsPeople
The official Scottish genealogy resource
Welcome to ScotlandsPeople, one of the largest online sources of original genealogical information. If you are researching UK genealogy, your Scottish ancestry or building your Scottish family tree, we have more than 100 million records to look through.
From Scottish census records, Scottish wills, birth certificates and death certificates, we have a comprehensive choice of Scottish records to bring your Scotland ancestry to life. Build the complete picture of your Scottish ancestry with ScotlandsPeople.
We hope your visit will be enjoyable and that you are successful in connecting generations.
Free surname search
Forename
Surname
Year from
Year to
Reset
Features & latest news
Release of New Year's Images
New Year's statutory records are now online! You can now view statutory birth images for 1915, marriages for 1940 and deaths for 1965.
Visiting ScotlandsPeople - The Centre
We have a family history centre in historic buildings in the heart of Edinburgh with over 90 search places, a shop, cafe, seminar facilities and library. Read more
Upcoming Events at the National Records of Scotland
Find out more about upcoming family history events at the National Records of Scotland.
Visiting Scotland - A quick guide
Don't just learn about your Scottish heritage, live it!
Release of Military Service Appeals Tribunal Records
Read our fascinating case studies of men who appealed their military service.
Release of Deaths of Seamen Records
A complete record of the deaths of Scottish seafarers from late Victorian times until 1974 are now available to search. Read more.
Quintinshill Railway Disaster
The disastrous railway crash at Quintinshill on 22 May 1915 is commemorated in a new feature at National Records of Scotland.
© Crown copyright: Genealogy, family history and family tree information.
A partnership between the National Records of Scotland and the Court of the Lord Lyon enabled by DC Thomson Family History.
Legal & Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
Accessibility
Helpful links
Contact us
Search site
Site map
Links
Skip navigation