https://www.shroomery.org
Seed Boutique
Home
Login
Seedbay
ICmag Forums
FAQ
Contact Us
Welcome to Seed Boutique!
We cannot accept Credit Card Orders at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the delay.
Unfortunately, regulation and implementation in respect of cannabis seed often differs from country to country. For this reason we advise you as a matter of urgency to make inquiries about the regulations to which you are subject. We dispatch our seeds with the reservation that they will not be used by third parties in conflict with the law. Seed Boutique does not wish to induce anyone to act in conflict with the law. We expressly point out that all those who purchase our seeds are responsible for their actions in the future. Seed Boutique will accept no responsibility in this respect. Seed Boutique does not accept any product-liability.
We strongly advise you to inform yourself about the legality of Cannabis in your country before buying any of our products. People who order, do so at their own risk and cannot hold us or the places where we advertise responsible. The purchaser further agrees to hold Seed Boutique not responsible for claims, actions, legal and/or court fees brought against him/her in connection with any use of products ordered from this website.
It is the sole responsibility of the purchaser to ascertain and obey all laws which apply to the possession and use of any products listed on our site. Please consult your local guidelines before placing an order. By placing an order, the purchaser represents that he/she is 18 years or older and that products ordered will only be used in a lawful manner.
Please note germination of these seeds could be illegal in some countries. With legislation concerning the legality of this collection being inconsistent, contradictory and ever changing across the globe, Seed Boutique strongly advises all potential customers to check their national guidelines before placing any orders. All customers are responsible for their own actions. Seed Boutique has no wish to induce anyone to act in conflict with the law and cannot be responsible for those who do. The purchaser agrees that he/she will not use or allow others to use any item from this web site in an illegal manner.
I Am Over 18 Years Old            I Am Too Young
Copyright © Seedboutique 2012. All Rights Reserved.