https://www.siberianbrides.com
Dating Service (Novosibirsk, Russia). Mail order brides. Find a pretty Russian girl on-line. Russian women for love and marriage.
LADIES
18-25
26-35
36-...
Search
Free addresses
SERVICES
Девушкам
Registration
Login
Flowers and gifts
Fiancee visa
Travel services
Apartment rental service
Individual search
Other services
Customer support
INFORMATION
About us
Success stories
Anti-Scam
Dating links
Partnership
Contact us
ВХОД ДЛЯ ДЕВУШЕК
LOGIN
PASSWORD
REGISTRATION
MOST POPULAR LADIES
Welcome to Siberian Brides
SiberianBrides.com was created by E-date Service dating agency (Novosibirsk, Russia) in 2000 for the purpose of international Internet dating. Some of the prettiest Russian ladies are featured on this site and waiting for you! Browse the beautiful Russian ladies' photos and try our service!
SiberianBrides.com is the best way of finding the mail order brides from Russia and former USSR. Why Siberian brides? Because our ladies' database mostly contains the profiles of Russian women from Novosibirsk that is the capital of Siberia and from other Siberian cities. However we also have profiles of Russian ladies from Kazakhstan, Ukraine and other former USSR places.
SiberianBrides.com presents only the Russian ladies who were personally contacted by our E-date Service international dating agency or by our time-proved partners (if a Russian lady is coming from some other city). Thus, you can be sure that all the Russian ladies you see on our website are REAL.
Using SiberianBrides.com you can send email messages to Russian women even if they don not have a computer! You don't have to wait for weeks and months for a response by post; it will take only a few days. Try our services now, the registration is FREE!
For more information please read «ABOUT US» section
REGISTER NOW
New Profiles
© 2000-2015 Siberian Brides
We supportAnti-scam program
Goodwife.com Premium Site Award
Featured Site
Russian Brides Cyber Guide
Russian Brides
Dating Tips & Reviews - all you need for safe dating.