https://www.simpli.fi
Unstructured Data DSP | Simpli.fi
Simpli.fi blog
Search for:
Client Login
The Data Difference
What is Unstructured Data?
Audience Buying Evolution
Breaking the Black Box
The New Rules of Recency
Programmatic Platform
Audience Creation
Audience Optimization
Audience Expansion
Audience Understanding
Campaign Management
APIs
Data-Driven Solutions
Search Retargeting
Site Retargeting
Contextual Targeting
Facebook Exchange
Geo-Fencing
PROGRAMMATIC VIDEO
For Publishers
News & Events
Partner Resources
About
Leadership Team
Careers
The Display, Mobile, Video & Social Platform
Built For Localized Programmatic
Request a Demo
Complete the form to request a demo of the Simpli.fi platform and see a sample report.
* Required
Can't wait? Call us at 800.840.0768
THE ONLY PROGRAMMATIC PLATFORM PURPOSE BUILT FOR LOCALIZED CAMPAIGNS
TRADE DESKS & NETWORKS
Bring the power of localization to programmatic campaigns both large and small.
Learn More &rtrif;
LOCAL MEDIA GROUPS
Lead in digital by providing unique advertising solutions that leverage your own data and inventory.
Learn More &rtrif;
BRANDS & AGENCIES
Localize audiences, messages, and budgets to individual locations, to drive more relevance and increased performance.
Learn More &rtrif;
TRADE DESKS & NETWORKS
Simpli.fi is the platform of choice for sophisticated buyers who manage hundreds or thousands of campaigns of all sizes.
Using Simpli.fi's unique capabilities to target and optimize through unstructured data, trading desks and networks can:
Customize audiences to the needs of local markets
Quickly achieve high performance on campaigns of all sizes
Execute integrated campaigns across display, mobile, video, and social programmatically
Efficiently manage and report on hundreds or thousands of concurrent campaigns
Leverage Simpli.fi's API to automate building, managing, optimizing, and reporting on campaigns
LOCAL MEDIA GROUPS
Media companies such as TV station groups, cable companies, newspaper holding companies, and radio groups turn to Simpli.fi for their digital solutions.
In addition to leveraging Simpli.fi’s capabilities with localized campaigns, media companies depend on Simpli.fi to be their complete programmatic solution. Simpli.fi provides:
Unstructured data targeting that enables customized audiences for their local and national advertisers
The ability to use the media group's data and inventory to create unique digital offerings that extend existing offerings and maximize revenue
A full-service and self-service offering to meet the needs of all partners.
A single platform that allows execution of display, mobile, video, and social campaigns.
BRANDS & AGENCIES
For national and regional advertisers with multiple locations, Simpli.fi delivers
performance that can't be achieved by using broad-based, pre-set audience segments.
Simpli.fi enables advertisers to customize their audiences to local tastes, product preferences, and competition, driving more relevance and effectiveness.
For brands and agencies, Simpli.fi provides:
Utilize a fully transparent reporting system to pull deeper insights than ever possible from a segment
A streamlined workflow for setting up dozens or hundreds of localized campaign versions
A full-service offering, as well as an intuitive user interface for those who want to manage their own campaigns
The ability to customize audiences for local preferences, then optimize audiences on the fly as the campaign progresses
Unstructured Data
Does the world really need another programmatic marketing platform? Probably not. Could it use a better one? Definitely.
At Simpli.fi we understand that when it comes to programmatic, the data makes all the difference. That's why we take our data unstructured.
Learn More About the Difference
Hear What We Have to Say
Simpli.fi Shares Predictions for Programmatic Advertising in 2016Posted 12/08/15
Simpli.fi moves toward HTML5Posted 12/07/15
How Keywords Are Used Differently in PPC And Targeted Display.Posted 10/30/15
Find More News and Information from Simpli.fi
Let's Hear From You
Simpli.fi Headquarters
1407 Texas Street Suite 202
Fort Worth, Texas 76102
800.840.0768
hi@simpli.fi
©2016 Simpli.fi
All rights reserved
Terms
Privacy Policy
Ad Serving Privacy Policy
Opt Out