https://www.slackware.com
The Slackware Linux Project
The Slackware Linux Project
News
Security AdvisoriesFAQBookGeneral InfoGet SlackInstall HelpConfigurationPackagesChangeLogsPropagandaPortsOther SitesSupportContactMailing ListsAbout
Slackware 14.1 is released!
After over a year of development (including the beta release and several
release candidates to get everything polished up) we're proud to announce
the availability of the new stable release. You'll find updates throughout
the system, with the latest compilers and development tools, and recent
versions of applications, window managers, desktop environments, and
utilities.
The Linux kernel is updated to version 3.10.17 (part of the
3.10.x kernel series that will be getting long-term support from the kernel
developers).
The x86_64 version of Slackware also adds support for installing
and booting on systems running UEFI firmware.
For additional information, see the official announcement
and the release notes.
For a complete list of included packages, see the package list.
Build scripts for all kinds of additional software for Slackware 14.1 can be found on
the slackbuilds.org website.
Need help?
Check out our documentation site, docs.slackware.com.
Stop by and share your knowledge!
Please consider supporting the Slackware project by picking up a copy of the
Slackware 14.1 release from the Slackware Store.
The discs are off to replication, but we're accepting pre-orders for the
official 6 CD set and the DVD.
The CD set is the 32-bit x86 release, while
the DVD is a dual-sided disc with the 32-bit x86 release on
one side and the 64-bit x86_64 release on the other.
Thanks to our subscribers and supporters for keeping Slackware going all these years.
Thanks to the Slackware team for all the hard work getting 14.1 ready for action!
And of course, thanks to all the open source developers upstream, and to the Slackware
community on linuxquestions.org
for all the help with bug reports, suggestions, and patches.
We couldn't have done it without you.
Enjoy the new stable release!
Pat and the Slackware crew
+--------------------------+
Slackware 14.1 for ARM is also available.
For details, see: http://arm.slackware.com
2013-11-07
Slackware web site now delivered through Akamai
The pressure of delivering the Slackware web site - especially at release time - has
been an issue for some time.
Akamai - the leading global Content Delivery Network - have generously
provided us with extensive global content caching and Internet routing performance enhancements, allowing us
to keep the site up, even at peak times.
A big thanks to the guys at Akamai for making this happen.
2013-11-03
Slackware switching to the MariaDB database
From today's Slackware -current ChangeLog:
The big news here is the removal of MySQL in favor of MariaDB.
This
shouldn't really be a surprise on any level.
The poll on LQ showed a large
majority of our users were in favor of the change.
It's my belief that
the MariaDB Foundation will do a better job with the code, be more
responsive to security concerns, and be more willing to work with the
open source community.
And while I don't think there is currently any
issue with MySQL's licensing of the community edition for commercial uses,
several threads on LQ showed that there is confusion about this, whereas
with MariaDB the freedom to use the software is quite clear.
Thanks are
due to Heinz Wiesinger for his work on transitioning the build script,
testing, and getting us all behind this move.
He's been working with
MariaDB (and their developers) for several years now.
Vincent Batts also
had a hand in the early discussions here -- he met Daniel Bartholomew of
MariaDB on a train last year and got a copy of the source to play with to
pass the time on the journey (ah, the miracle of thumbdrives :), and was
impressed with not only MariaDB itself, but also with the welcome that
Slackware was getting.
We expect they'll be responsive to any concerns
we have.
In the vast majority of situations, MariaDB is entirely
compatible with existing MySQL databases and will drop right in with no
changes required.
There's an article available outlining the areas in
which MariaDB differs from MySQL that I'd recommend reading:
https://kb.askmonty.org/v/mariadb-versus-mysql-compatibility/
Thanks to the MariaDB Foundation!
We look forward to working with you.
For more information about MariaDB, visit their website:
http://mariadb.org
2013-03-23
Slackware 14.0 is released!
That's right, the long wait is finally over and a new stable release of Slackware
has arrived!
Since our last stable release, a lot has changed in the Linux and FOSS
world.
The kernel has moved on to major version 3 (we're using the long term supported
3.2.29 kernel for this release), X.org has released X11R7.7, and Firefox has had a
whopping *11* major releases to arrive at version 15.0.1!
We've brought together the
best of these and other modern components and worked our magic on them.
You'll find
new compilers (including the LLVM/clang compiler that's becoming a popular alternative
to gcc), development tools, libraries, and applications throughout, all prepared with
our careful and rigourous testing.
If you've used Slackware before, you'll find the
system feels like home.
But we've also added new features such as NetworkManager for
easy setup and management of wired and wireless networking (or, you can still use the
traditional network setup if you prefer).
And, we've updated the desktops and window
managers to recent versions as well.
For additional information, see the official announcement
and the release notes.
For a complete list of included packages, see the package list.
Build scripts for all kinds of additional software for Slackware 14.0 can be found on
the slackbuilds.org website.
Need help?
We've launched a new documentation site, docs.slackware.com.
Thanks to Eric Hameleers for getting it up and running.
Stop by and share your knowledge!
Please consider supporting the Slackware project by picking up a copy of the
Slackware 14.0 release from the Slackware Store.
The discs are off to replication, but we're accepting pre-orders for the
official 6 CD set and the DVD.
The CD set is the 32-bit x86 release, while
the DVD is a dual-sided disc with the 32-bit x86 release on
one side and the 64-bit x86_64 release on the other.
If you're looking for something
stylish to wear for the end-of-the-world celebration coming up in December, be sure
to check out our new Mayan themed Slackware 14.0 T-shirts!
And we still have some
13.37 shirts left, too, because leet never goes out of style.
Thanks to
our subscribers and supporters for keeping Slackware going all these years.
Thanks to the rest of the Slackware team for all the hard work getting 14.0 ready for action!
And of course, thanks to all the open source developers upstream, and to the Slackware
community on linuxquestions.org
for all the help getting things just exactly perfect.
Have fun, and enjoy the new stable release!
Pat and the Slackware crew
+--------------------------+
Slackware 14.0 for ARM is also available.
For details, see: http://www.armedslack.org
2012-09-28
Slackware® is a registered trademark of Slackware Linux, Inc.
All logos and graphics are copyrighted.