https://www.soscuisine.com
Home | SOS Cuisine
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Menu
search form
facebook
Instagram
pinterest
twitter
rss
youtube
Contact
Français
Region: Other
Subscribe
Sign In
Menu
home
Services Our Services
SOS Plus
SOS Premium
VIP Dietitian
VIP Personal Cook
Become Member
SOS Plus
SOS Premium
VIP Dietitian
VIP Personal Cook
Save Money
Menus
Testimonials
Recipes Browse Search
Advanced Search
My Cookbook
Food Dictionary
Cooking Techniques
Best Deals this Week
Eat Local
TOP 10: Vegan Recipes
TOP 10: World Cuisine Recipes
Best Deals this Week
Eat Local
TOP 10: Vegan Recipes
TOP 10: World Cuisine Recipes
Blog What’s Cooking?
Health and Nutrition
Save Money
Our Tips
Events
In our Library
Media Coverage
The Mediterranean Diet
Live Better in 2016
About Us
The Mediterranean Diet
Live Better in 2016
About Us
Pricing
Free Personalized Meal Plans, Easy Recipes & Local Groceries
Get the most from your food: PLEASURE, WELL-BEING and VALUE for your money
Smart Grocery List
100% Personalized
Meal Plans for YOUR Needs
Get started!
PERSONALIZED MEAL PLANS
‹
›
With or without professional support
VIP DIETITIAN
Get one-on-one support from an expert and stack the odds of success on your side!
Our partners
‹
›
What experts have to say
Diet plays an important role in maintaining a healthy gastrointestinal tract, and SOSCuisine.com could be very helpful toward achieving health goals.
Gail AttaraGastrointestinal Society's President and CEOThe SOS Cuisine "heart healthy" meal plans meet the latest nutritional recommendations of competent bodies.
Dr. George HonosJoint Medical Director of the Cardiovascular Centre and Head of Cardiology, CHUMWe are convinced of the benefits that SOSCuisine can provide to our employees, in adopting healthier eating habits.
Janie Chartré-BertrandKinesiologist, CGII saw the professionalism and seriousness of SOSCuisine's team and their sincere desire to help people who suffer from chronic inflammation, through proper diet.
Jacqueline Lagacé Ph.D.Author of the best-seller The End of PainSOSCuisine is undoubtedly the best customized meal planning service in existence! Their hockey meal plans are the perfect complement to my book.
Pearle Nerenberg, M.Sc. R.D.Sports DietitianThe Endurance Sports customizable menus allow for the athlete to maximize glycogen stores while avoiding digestive and gastrointestinal discomfort.
Mélanie Olivier, R.D.President of Vivaï - experts in nutrition
‹
›
See all testimonials >
Stress-free meal plans
Stop worrying about "What's for dinner?". SOS Cuisine provides you with delicious recipes for each day of the week. Your weekly menu will be tailored just for you, based on the allergies, intolerances and preferences of your family, to satisfy even the most picky eaters!
Save money on groceries
Over 20% of the food we buy ends up in the trash: a hard blow for the budget! A tailored grocery list keeps us on track: buying only what is necessary and resisting impulse purchases that impact our wallets. In addition, well-planned menus ensure we cook food at the right time to avoid food waste.
Optimal Nutrition for the best possible health
Your weekly menu is optimized for your needs: specific medical conditions, moments in life (pregnancy, menopause, etc.), sports performance edge, etc. All of that with no risk of nutritional deficiency.
Re-discover the pleasure of cooking and eating well
Pick within 2,000 simple, quick and tasty recipes for fresh ideas every day. All recipes are 100% tested to ensure that every meal will be a success. Bon Appetit!
More than 350,000 families use SOSCuisine to eat better
I love your site and recommend it as a resource for menu planning, budgeting and nutrition.
Read more >Debrah S. (Oakville, ON, Canada)My bloodsugar level is great and i'm loosing weight!
Read more >Linda D. (Vankleek Hill, ON, Canada)Subscribed to Meal Plans for Diabetes
See all testimonials >
What media have to say
Providing anyone the easy option to eat healthily and on budget, everyday and stress free without compromising on taste.
Read more >Would a service like this be a dream come true for you?
Read more >
AboutCompany
Leadership
Nutrition
Careers
Contact Us
OfferingPricing
Features
Testimonials
FAQ
MediaMedia Kit
Media Coverage
Press Releases
Advertise
PartnersOur Partners
Becoming a Partner
Health Professionals
Newsletter
Get nutrition advices and cooking tips delivered for free in your mail box every week
You can unsubscribe at any time
feedback form
facebook
Instagram
pinterest
twitter
rss
youtube
© 2005-2016 Sukha Technologies Inc. / SOS Cuisine.
All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Back to top
To take advantage of all features of the website, you must enable cookies in your browser. On Internet Explorer 11, make sure you select the 'Low' protection setting.