https://www.spidermessenger.com
Dentist Reviews
Dentist San Francisco:
This dentist and her staff were absolutely the best for me!.
First of all Dr. Yucel is such a caring person- what I always look for at a health provider- that she made me feel very comfortable from the first day.
Her little but high tech office had all the comfort I was looking for.
I must also mention the wonderful complimerty back massage her staff gave me.
It was a great treat following the dental work..
Dentist South Bay:
Dr. Collins office has a very down to earth atmosphere.
Dr. Collins is well versed on current industry news and trends.
The office is very honest and open and easy to talk to.
Dentist East Bay:
Dr Dobee has been the best dentist that my family and I have ever had. I have had a few bad experiences in the past so I am very scared of going to the dentist. Dr Dobee made me feel so comfortable (I fell asleep in the middle of my root canal!). She has a very pleasant personality and has done a really great job.
Dentist New York:
I am an endodontist (root canal specialist) and I have received several patients in my office who use Dr. Poiman as their general dentist. ALL of these patients have been very happy with him and spoke very highly of him.
On a more objective note, seeing Dr. Poiman's dental treatments in his patients, leaves me no doubt that he is one of the finest dentists there are in Manhattan.
Dentist Los Angeles:
Dr. Holder wanted to do a root canal on my 7-year old daughter and remover her molar.
She was sure the nerve was dead.
I am not a dentist.
However, I did not want my daughter to have to go around for 4 years with a spacer.
Over the doctors objections I had them put her on an increased steriod bomb and had them put an antibiotic in the tooth and cover it.
Sure enough, the nerve was not dead and the tooth was saved.
If you do go to her, don't let her take the easy route.
She has an upper-income clientele and will milk you as much as she can.
She also uses gas constantly which is not covered by insurance.
Sure it is easier on the kids.
However, I feel she does it because it is easier on her.
Finally, a crown she put in my daughter fell out and we had to have it redone.
Because baby teeth are temporary, I don't think she gives them as much attention as she should.
Dentist Chicago:
Dr. Bianca is the best dentist i have had ever. I have had a couple dentists, and she is the nicest.
Dentist Houston:
Terrible experience! My husband had a filling in a tooth that gave him absolutely NO trouble. Dr. Castronono recommended capping the tooth, as the filling was old. Not only did the temporary cap cause him a lot of pain, when the permanent cap came in he had even more pain after it was put on. This dentist did NOTHING to help with his pain or make it right. He went back twice in 3 weeks to try and get it right. She made "adjustments" which did nothing.(wait and see if it gets better!)
She then sent him to a specialist who ended up doing a root canal that day.
Thank goodness he went! After being in pain for more than a month and going through the ordeal, he is so relieved to have it finally fixed. Our only regret is we didn't seek more professional help sooner. Also, when we contacted her to reimburse us for the difference our insurance didn't pay (over $200) she wouldn't even return calls or have the decency to take the phone call. When we finally talked to her office manager, she said Dr. Castronovo said the two proceedures weren't related! It's not about the money, it's about integrity, and sadly this dentist obviously has none.
Dentist Philadelphia:
Watch out for this dentist's online offer of a "free exam, etc." for new patients.
This DOES NOT include a cleaning, which was not explained to me on the phone. (um duh, why do most people go to the dentist?).
Also, they wanted to charge me an astronomical sum to get my cavities fixed, and tried to get me to pay for the work in advance.
Good thing I didn't - my insurance would not cover the "better" procedures and fillings they wanted to use.
They claimed that they don't do standard amalgam fillings, and the administrative assistant was snitty with me on the phone when I told him I needed to go somewhere else because my insurance wouldn't cover their expensive procedures.
Dentist Phoenix:
"After years of not seeing a Dentist I was deadly scared to get my teeth worked on, Dr Kunthara and her staff made me as comfortable as possible from the start, and regained my confidence and trust.
Dentist San Diego:
I came to him after a bad exp with another dentist.
EXCELLENT!
He was VERY knowledgable and attentive, the staff were adept at putting me at ease about getting fillings, top of the line facilities, EXCELLENT accounting/insurance handling and offered small luxuries like internet access, dvd goggles and coffee that made everything FAR more pleasant.
I have more cavitites to get filled this month and rather than being a nervous wreck, I'm excited to get them done, finally!
Dentist Dallas:
Dr. Kerbel is extremely expensive and recommends unnecessary options and treatments that are very costly.
I've never had a cavity in my life and he told me I had five.
I then went to another dentist because I was so unhappy with him and was told I had no cavities.
Dentist San Antonio:
I called this dental office for a dental emergency that occured over the weekend. There office has a 24 hour answering service. The doctor called me back and meet me within the hour. The courtesy and concern from the doctor was like no other. I have recently gone back and recieved the same care from the entire office. I will continue
to see the dentist and encourage all to do the same.
Dentist Detroit:
My family and I have seen Dr. Fox in his Livonia office several times. The office is clean and the staff are friendly. Dr. Fox seems to know what he's doing (teeth are fine). Side note: Kathy is the best hygenist in town!
My one complaint is where billing is concerned. They refuse to entertain the idea of becoming a preferred provider of our dental plan (Delta). They even became quite defensive when the subject was brought up. Consequently, we ended up paying MUCH more than we should have.
We are now in the process of finding a new dentist.
Dentist Indianapolis:
Dr Katie is wonderful.
Very friendly and a fantastic dentist.
Dentist Jacksonville:
I had invisalign braces from Dr. Nadji.
The treatment was not successful.
She ruined my teeth.
She made them worse than they were to begin with and refused to correct the problems she caused.
She left dental/filling material on my teeth and I need to find another dentist to remove it.
I would not recommend this dentist to my worst enemy.
I think she should be barred from ever working on anyone's teeth.
Dentist Columbus:
I went to see Dr. Skasko after I found him in the phone book.
I had a tooth that was hurting me.
He seemed very unsure about how to get me out of pain.
The whole experience was a nightmare...and not to say very expensive!!! He is only a new graduate who obviously need a little (a lot!!)experience before I will ever consider going back to that office! In addition, all he wanted me to do was a "full mouth rehab" when all I wanted done was fill my cavity and get me out of pain!!!
Is it all about the money? Never trust a name in a phone book.
I will only get a referral from a friend who likes their dentist!
Dentist Austin:
Dr. Hayashi is terrific.
Longhorn Dental is NOT.
The front desk is not helpful and management pushes the dentists to do the work in the least number of visits.
He is leaving the practice and we will follow him to his new offices.
Dentist Baltimore:
This is by far the worst dentist in the world. Nightmare experience. Went in for fillings. A simple procedure right? I left in pain. Shooting pains in all teethtouched by him and down through my jaw. The dentist is absolutely incompetent and senile. He can't even do a root canal which all dental students learn. They have no computer records and can't return a simple phone call. He's way to old fashioned and removed from the advancements in dentistry in the past half century. I feel ignored and I'm in pain. Not a good feeling. Don't let this guy near your mouth!
Dentist Memphis:
I would recommend Dr. Sherman to anyone that needs a root canal.
He and his staff are the best!
The procedure was done in two parts; both were completely painless including the shot to numb the area.
I expected to have pain when the local anesthetic wore off, but was pleasanly surprised that there was none.
It was just like getting a filling, but took a little more time.
I must admit that I was very concerned initially when my dentist told me I had to have a root canal.
This is because every person I knew that had this procedure done by other dentists/endodontists experienced quite a bit of pain and many had ongoing problems.
This was not the case with Dr Sherman.
It has been over a month since the initial visit, and I am pain free!
Dentist Milwaukee:
Terrible Terrible dentist. no people skills what so ever. will not ever go there again. hurt my mouth even with
a shot really. it hurt really really badI feel he did not sucessful treat me and I had to go to another dentist
Dentist Boston:
I have been to plenty of dentists in my 52 years of life and experienced excrusiating pain as a result of many dentist not doing their
job correctly. I once yelled so loud (not enough novecain) that 2 of the patients, in the waiting room, left the offfice and never returned. Naturally, I left that dentist's office too.
Luckily,
I met Dr. Hadar last week, I was pleasantly suprised! Dr.
Hadar is the most sensitive, kindest, caring dentist I have ever meet.
I felt extremely confortable with him.
His new office is lovely and the hygentist that cleaned my teeth, Manshu, was just delightful! The frond desk ladies were friendly and helpful. And while I just had a cleaning that day, Dr. Hadar came in, introduced himself and assured me that there would never be any pain when he was taking care of me.
For a person like me, who starts shaking and feels like throwing up at the sound of a drill, I believe this gentleman is telling me the truth.
A dentist can do just about anything in my mouth, as long as I don't feel it.
Let's fill the cavities, Dr. Hadar!
Dentist Washington:
very bad dentist. stay away.
dr. tabb decided to replace all fillings and and a crown.
i had to have everything done again.
Dentist Nashville:
Dr. Nabors is the best!
I have a beautiful smile today after years of hating my teeth.
Dr. Nabors fitted me with 8 custom made veneers and they look and feel totally natural.
They are perfectly sized for my mouth and the color is perfect - no scary ultra-white-chicklet-teeth.
They look like the teeth I would have been born with had I been lucky.
Everyone I met and worked with during the process before during and after was totally professional and so friendly and helpful.
Before I saw Dr. Nabors I had avoided the dentist
for 8 years.
Now I love going to the dentist.
His practice is certainly not the cheapest, but seriously, would you trust your mouth to the lowest bidder?
He's the best and worth every penny.
Dentist El Paso:
I am new in the area, and i needed to find a dentist for me and my family. I love doctor Burciaga's office. It is beautiful! Super clean, the staff is friendly. And most importantly they take my insurance.
Dentist Seattle:
Loved all my experiences.
I can't say enough about Dr. Nov and his staff.
He has great credentials.
He is the University of Washington's team dentist (basketball and football) and he was picked as a Top Dentist in Seattle Magazine.
I had a lot of pretty major work done there including veneers and implants and the results are perfect!
The staff is super helpful and he is a pleasure to work with!!!!!
If you need a dentist call Dr. Nov's office.
A++++
Dentist Denver:
Always a pleasant experience, very professional diagnosis and treatment.
Dr. Robbins is a caring and considerate dentist, her staff reflects the same character.
Dentist Charlotte:
Dr Pappert is extremely meticulous and patient.
I had been told over the past 5 yrs my 20 yr bridge was "fine" despite my concern that it was loose and I had some gum recession.
Dr Pappert was thorough in her explanation, and addressed many areas not mentioned before.
She spent a great deal of time
reviewing all the digital x-rays.
I spent numerous visits in preparation and both Dr Pappert, and her assistant Johnnie, were always available to answer any questions about my dental procedure.
The sedation dentistry was beyond my expectation as the 5 hour procedure was painless.
I also had gum grafts done by Dr Penny, and the coordinated efforts by Dr Pappert and her staff made the procedure a pleasant experience.
Many dental procedures can be expensive and Sally is very helpful in addressing financing and working with your insurance company.
The front office are always extremely nice and I have been greeted by many each time I enter the office.
Dentist Fort Worth:
A patient for 20+ yrs, thats 2/3 of my life!
Dr. Pruitt has seen me through cleanings, retainers, fillings, gum surgery, wisdom teeth and God willing he'll see me all the way through to dentures.
A diabetic since childhood, my teeth & gums require special care.
As an adult other medical factors have come into play.
From the very beginning Dr. Pruitt has been extremely concerned about my well being, taking everything into account at each visit.
When you walk in, leave caution & concern at the door, theres nothing to worry about in his hands.
In his office, youre not just another chart.
Recently I made a referral to a complete stranger - based on her description, he soon called to thank me for that referral.
When was the last time you got that kind of acknowledgement from a doctor?
Ive been blessed with insurance that provides dental coverage, so I cant express an opinion regarding his rates
however for the care you receive his service is priceless!
Without a doubt Id pay cash, never considering another dentist.
Your comfort in his office is personal to him.
A visit to his office is like going home; everybody knows you.
Hes so gentle; its easy to forget where youre at.
Hes hours are accommodating and his staff is exemplary.
Its an honor to be is patient.
Lisa Priddy
Dentist Portland:
Like many of us, I put off visiting a dentist for far too long; the bad early-life and Army experience thing.
Then I broke a tooth.
I discovered Dr. Matin via her on-line reviews, screwed up my courage and made an appointment.
Four crowns, two bridges, a new partial, and several filling replacements later I am thrilled with the results and a bit ashamed of my previous cowardice.
Yes there are still needles, drills, keeping your mouth open for long periods of time and conversing or answering questions with grunts.
But Dr. Matins touch is gentle and as pain conscious as it gets.
Her passion for achieving just the right result and smile comes through in everything she says and does.
As for the surroundings, how can you beat a vibrating reclining chair, a warm cushion around your neck, and your iPod if you like.
This is certainly not your parents dental office.
Yet even more important from my perspective, Dr. Matin and her highly skilled and professional staff communicate in numerous ways that you are a valued and unique individual not just another patient.
When Dr. Matin called me at home to see how I was doing the day after my first extensive bit of dentistry, I was so surprised I hardly knew what to say.
Now when asked who is your Dentist, I am happy to say:
Dr. Laura Matin.
Dentist Oklahoma City:
Dr. Isaacson was excellent !!!!!!!
I was very pleased with my dental implants and new smile.
He explained everything to me in terms that I understood.
He let me pick my smile design, no other Dentist let me be involved.
I would HIGHLY recommend Dr. Isaacson to anyone.
Dentist Tucson:
After previously visiting two other dentists and an oral surgeon, I met Dr. Dehnert and his staff the first time in April of 2008. I needed all of my teeth extracted and replaced with
immediate dentures but dentists scare me to death! During the 1st visit Dr. Dehnert immediately made me feel comfortable and at ease. My biggest relief came when he told me he could do both the extractions and the dentures himself
instead of sending me to an oral surgeon. Being a big pansy, I opted for an out of pocket anesthesiologist to knock me out during the procedure, which was the best money I have spent in a LONG time ! On the day of the surgery they put me under and everything was done in about 2.5 hours and I woke up with a new set of teeth in my mouth. My wife was there with me and she told me that about every 20-30 minutes, one of Dr. Dehnert's staff would come into the waiting area and give her a status update on how I was progressing. It's been 3 months since that day and I couldn't be happier with my new dentures and aftercare is AWESOME !
To Dr. Dehnert, Cheyenne, Chris, Stacy, Dawn and the rest of the team: Keep it up, you guys ROCK. I'll be staying with you for a long time and look forward to seeing you at your new office.
MikeC
Dentist Las Vegas:
I was especially pleased with my treatment.
I had a tooth extracted and I was quite surprised that there was very little discomort involved.
Dr. Edington is a very calming dentist.
He and his assistant treated me with kit gloves.
I was impressed with the fact that he monitors your heart rate the entire time of the procedure.
In addition,
I received two phone calls from his office the day of the extraction to find out how I was doing.
The entire staff of Dr. Edington's office are a pleasure to deal with.
The office is beautiful with modern equipment.
Highly recommend.
Dentist Cleveland:
Do not go!!
Find a family doctor who cares about the health of your teeth and not just how they look.
I deeply regret having gone to this dentist.
Dentist Albuquerque:
Well, Kelly seems okay at first, but I've had some really annoying problems -- every visit!
First, he's not friendly at all, seems very uninterested in you.
Not a big deal, but being systematically ignored by someone you're giving thousands of dollars to kinda sucks.
Second, perhaps most importantly, he screwed up my tooth.
I just had a cap put on, and there's so much build-up of the cap material between the teeth now that I can barely floss it, and have to get it looked at by another dentist.
Third, he quoted that my work would cost "about four or five hundred" and then (20 minutes later!) gave me a bill for over $1000.
When I asked about the discrepancy he lowered it to $700, which I paid, but he always worked through his Dental Assistants, I never spoke to him.
I was really offended by this.
I felt like I was suddenly being treated as though I was trying to get out of paying the bill.
I paid it in full and will not go back!
Dentist Kansas City:
Lower and upper extractions of all teeth.
Implants for lower denture and regular upper denture.
No pain.
High cost.
Negative on denture shape and feel.
Lower denture broke in new dentists office after 2 1/2 years.
I would never recommend implants to others.
Dentist Fresno:
Gave me my smile back with bleaching and veneers.
Could not be happier.
This group of dentist are the best.
My child hit a front tooth and Dr. Asselin was seeing patients on a Saturday and told us to come right in.
Staff treat you like a person.
Dentist Virginia Beach:
I love coming here!
Everyone who works here is very friendly.
It is like visiting family when you have a dental appointment.
The dentistry is excellent!
I had crowns done very successfully and I'm thrilled with the results.
Dr. Rutledge is very thorough and very gentle.
I recommend this office to everyone I know who is looking for a dentist.
Dentist Atlanta:
I had always been concerned with the little space between my teeth, not wanting to smile a lot and then when I came to Debra King's dental office I found it to be one of the most wonderful experiences of my life. Now I smile all the time and people look at me when I'm
talking to them and say what a beautiful smile you have., Now I love coming to the dentist because they make it so much fun.
Dentist Sacramento:
The best Dentist I've ever gone to.
Staff are super nice.
Good environment.
Dentist Tulsa:
Our dentist sent us to have our son's two bottom teeth extracted.
Dr. Templeton said we should go ahead and get the top teeth removed as well.
The bottom two teeth coming in sideways.
Dr. Templeton said the top two teeth would just keep on growing with no opposing teeth there to meet them.
So we had them all done.
Dr. Templeton did the surgery in his office.
Our insuranc, Aetna, did not cover the surgical center he used.
This bothered me a little.
Dr. Tmepleton explained to me before we found out our insurance didn't cover the surgery center that he preferred the patient be out completely so he didn't have to monitor their breathing as well as perform the surgery.
Dr. Templeton was very professional.
My son said he could 'feel' everything they were doing during the surgery, but the doctor said his heart rate never increased and that he had been given enough pain killer to not have felt anything.
Our son just had his follow-up appt.
and was healing nicely.
Dentist Omaha:
This dentist and his staff hide the fact that he does not take HMO plans.
They act like they are going to file the paperwork and you will get a check to reimburse you later.
In reality they charged me $670 for a procedure then I found out that I only got reimbursed for $200.
One word "Crooks!"
They are definitely playing the customer against the insurance company and they make the $ in the end!
Dentist Minneapolis:
I go to Dr. Ryan.He is very calm and reassuring.He has filled one cavity And done Two crowns.I used to dread the trips to the dentist but now they are A-OK.Even the the front desk is great and they handle all the insurance! Keep up the great work Dr Pat and I will keep SMILING!
Dentist Honolulu:
In just a few visits Dr. Patel has almost done a complete restoration of my entire mouth. The initial exam was extremely thorough, he was very good at helping me to prioritize the work I needed/wanted. Dr. Patel is so qualified it is almost one stop shopping.
He did multiple root canals and saved some teeth that I didn't think could be saved, all virtually pain free!
At the same time, I felt that he was very conservative, he didn't want to do major work on teeth that didn't need it.
He appears to LOVE
and take pride in his job and seems very excited to have a balance of the best/safest technology
in his office.
The staff is amazing, genuinely friendly and concerned for your comfort. I didn't know it was possible to be relaxed at a dentist office.
As far as price, he has options or everyone.
I was very aesthetically concerned
and wanted top of the line cosmetic
features, like composite fillings & porcelain caps, (and it was a lot less than I was quoted at other dentists).
One of the reasons I first chose to see him was how good the quality of his cosmetic work looked compared to other dentists. Seeing Dr. Patel has changed my life and look
in just a few visits.
Call Dr. Patel and let him and his staff take care of you!
Dentist Miami:
I have had my dentist in my country for many years and whenever I go back I get treatment there. I had to visit a local dentist for an emergency and now that I met Dr Valeria I am happy because I will continue my treatments here in Miami.
I feel comfortable with her, she is an excellent professional and now I don't feel scared of dentist anymore.
I am going back to her office to get a crown.
I recommend her very highly.
Dentist Colorado Springs:
Very high speed!
I liked that they are organized and able to address my questions directly versus other dentists who "have to get back to me".
Dr. Guerra takes the time to answer my questions when I have them, I like that.
Dentist St Louis:
I've had 2 different general dentists refer me to Dr Monterubio.
Once to remove a difficult cracked molar and once for 2 implants.
The workmanship, pain management, end result is excellent, the staff is another story.
But I'd rather have years of good teeth than 5 minutes of charm.
Dentist Wichita:
Dr. Reno performed root canal but then it took 4 - 5 additional appts to get a permanent porcelain crown to fit properly. Then the crown broke after only a few months. About 8 months after that the crown came completely off. Altogether, I spent over $2000 and now must find a dentist to fix this guy's work.
Dentist Salt Lake City:
I went to Dr. Hamilton for a check up.
While he was examing my teeth, he mentioned that my front tooth crown was a little longer than my real front tooth and offered to match my crown to the length of my real tooth.
He ended up filing it shorter than my real tooth! Then he wanted to file my real tooth down to match it.
I said, "NO WAY!"
Then he just walked out of the room and didn't say anything at all- like he knew he just messed up big time! He also filed my crown straight across with no shape to it. It looks awful! Now I am going to have to go to a REAL Dentist and have them fix his mistake! I'll never go to him again!
Very unprofessional!
Dentist Cincinnati:
Very disappointed in my front 4 veneers - look very fake. The offices stance was no they look fine, but they do not. Now, I am going to another dentist to fix her work.
Do not go if you want good detailed work.
Dentist Pittsburgh:
we missed an appointment due to having the flu then we get a bill for $125.00 for nothing! he would not even let a parent go back with a 6 yr old little girl! very not professional! then the letter attached tell us to find a new dentist because we got sick wow what a professional office! I should have listened to all the warnings!
Dentist Raleigh:
Dr. Martin is a great dentist.
She is very gentle and her staff is so professional and helpful.
I would highly recommend her office if you are looking for an office that will care about your dental needs from start to finish.
Her staff is very educated and very helpful.
Dentist Santa Cruz:
Disaster!!
Perhaps, if you need an extraction, he could do the work.
I
would not recommend for serious dental work.
I needed a crown, for my front tooth.
It took four attempts to create a crown that fit and was the right color.
A Few months later, the tooth cracked.
Dr. Perkins advised me to have an implant or bridge.
5K+
Left not a happy camper because my crown was now unstable in my mouth.
This is my front tooth !
Received a second opinion from a different dentist.
He explained that I did not have enough bone in my gum line for an implant and most likely the implant would have failed.
I walked out of Dr. Perkins office with a serious dental problem and never received a follow-up call from their office.
After spending $1300 !
The worst dental experience I have ever had.
Dentist Buffalo:
the work this doctor did has caused my fiance intense chronic tooth pain. being in the dental field myself it is plain to see that the teeth weren't prepared properly and the bridge work was extremely poorly done at best. this doctor charges a premium price for totally unacceptable work which now has to be re done by a real dentist.
Dentist Albany:
I had several root canals, crowns and a bridge done by Dr. Marra.
I have never suffered pain, and have always been treated as if I was a special patient.
Victoria is very kind and personable.
Every procedure is explained thoroughly. I highly recommend Dr. Marra and travel 40 minutes to his office each time I need dental work or a regular cleaning.
I could go to a local dentist but I feel there is nobody better than Fred Marra!
Dentist Orlando:
Dr. Vevera is without a doubt one of the nicest dentists in town. His office is spotless and his staff is tremendous. I would highly recommend this dentist.
Wow, 1439 reviews for Stephen Ramsay DDS, - Dentist New York, NY
excellent. made me feel really comfortable. Did not advise for treatment that was unecessary.
Takes the time to sit and speak with you.
A rare breed.
Wow, 956 reviews for Stephen Lim DDS, - Dentist New York, NY
I was seen by Dr. Eng at Stephen Lim DDS and Associates. My rear tooth had swelling and inflammation around the gum with a bad infection. After a set of panoramic and bite wing x-rays and an exam, he determined that after some further debridement of the area that day we could wait to see if the tooth could heal itself. The entire visit cost $298 and they had provided an emergency appointment for me instead if waiting a few more weeks. The staff is very pleasant and professional. I liked that they were willing to take a conservative approach toward saving my tooth. What ever happens with it, I feel confident about this office.
Wow, 240 reviews for Wilson Lo DDS, - Dentist Plano, TX
Dr. Lo was amazing with my adopted daughter!
She needed 4 fillings and 2 extractions.
At first she was nervous as she does not speak the English language, but Dr. Lo went above and beyond to communicate with her through translation and make her feel stress free and comfortable.
He is an amazing dentist and very kind/gentle human being!
Her treatment went very well and was scheduled over several visits.
She had little to no discomfort after all treatments.
Wow, 21 reviews for Joshua Ignatowicz DDS, - Dentist Henderson, NV
Dr. Ignatowicz and his staff are as good as it gets!
Every time I visit, I am greeted with a warm welcome by name.
They make every effort to ensure that I have the most positive, comfortable experience possible.
Our family loves going to Dr. Ignatowicz so much that we travel across town, passing several other dentist offices on our way!
Wow, 289 reviews for Sam Latif DDS, - Dentist Columbus, OH
Outstanding care and concern for adults and children - a place where you feel comfortable right from the start.
Wow, 383 reviews for Frederick Guerra DDS, - Dentist Colorado Springs, CO
Bridge replaced. Excellent treatment. Highly recommend. Bridge replaced. Excellent treatment. Highly recommend.
Wow, 140 reviews for William Linger DDS, - Dentist Charlotte, NC
Caring, careful, master, sensitive, personable, gentle, kind, wise and a perfectionist.
Understanding of the role of the patient, the needs of patient while performing surgery.
Using sedated methods Dr. Linger makes the most complex of procedures a breeze.
Hard to admit as much as I deplore additional need for work, I never mind visiting the office.
The staff is so caring you immediately feel that you are in safe loving hands.
The don't pretend they care.
They do care.
Wow, 292 reviews for Stephen Resnick DDS, - Dentist Scottsdale, AZ
Dr. Resnick seems very objective in recommending treatment options even when you decide to vary from what he may recommend. He’ll tell you if you’re being a bonehead in considering an option that’s not in your best interest while agreeing in another option that may not be his first choice. He gives good objective advice and explains options well when needed.
Wow, 79 reviews for Joseph Hung DDS, - Orthodontist New York, NY
My experience with Dr. Hung was absolutely STELLAR. Dr. Hung is not only a professional of the highest caliber, but an all-around good-hearted person. He exudes positivity no matter the time of day. Unlike in other doctors' office, I never had to wait to be seen by Dr. Hung. He runs his office efficiently and he is very respectful of his patients' time.
I have friends who, like me, underwent Invisalign treatment, but with other doctors. When I told them about my experience with Dr. Hung, they wished they had known about him earlier! Here's one way Dr. Hung differed from my friends' orthodontists- I very much appreciated Dr. Hung's discretion in where to place the plaster nodules on my teeth (when you start the Invisalign treatment, small plaster nodules are placed on a few of your teeth so the Invisalign can "lock" in and stay in place as you wear it). Even when I took my Invisalign off (e.g. for eating), the plaster nodules on my teeth were hardly visible. I could not say the same for my friends who received treatment elsewhere.
It is no mystery why Dr. Hung is recognized every year as an Invisalign Elite Premier Provider. Thank you Dr. Hung for correcting my smile and for being such a wonderful presence throughout the process!
Wow, 41 reviews for Irene Blaess DDS, - Dentist San Antonio, TX
I love my dentist, I have had most my work done with her and trusted her with my braces. The staff has always been great and helpful. So I'm sticking with this one, not too many as good has she is.
Wow, 66 reviews for John Dehnert DDS, - Dentist Tucson, AZ
When I first went in to see Dr. Dehnert my teeth were in bad shape. I've had several crowns, fillings, and cleanings done over the past 5yrs. The quality of his work far exceeds any other dentist I've visited and I'm not embarrassed to smile anymore.
Not only does he do great work, but I am also very impressed by his staff. ALL staff members are very nice and go above and beyond to make sure I am comfortable every time.
In the waiting area they have a zen garden and a flat screen tv that is usually playing a dvd of deep water creatures (the jellyfish are my favorite). It's a very calming enviroment. The rooms have beautiful views w/ giant windows looking out toward the Santa Catalina mountains. Oh, and there is a treasure chest filled w/goodies for the little ones when you check out.
The cost is pretty standard I think. They offer 10% off if you pay in cash.
You will not be disapointed!
Wow, 108 reviews for Dan Holtzclaw DDS, - Periodontist Austin, TX
I would like to sincerely thank the whole team at Austin Dental Implant Center.
From the first interview to the last visit I felt cared for, including the flowers arriving at my door after the initial surgery and after the final visit.
Taking the alternative of having implants could be very stressful.
It became an easy decision when I met Dr. Holtzclaw and his staff.
I could feel the respect that every member of the staff had for each other, and the confidence and artistic approach all demonstrated. On each visit the staff showed great patience and empathy, and always worked with me to make everything right. This gave me an ability to trust the process and look forward to the outcome.
And the outcome was wonderful!
Wow, 228 reviews for Nima Dayani DDS, - Endodontist New York, NY
dr. dayani is amazing. his bedside manner put me at complete ease on a procedure I previously had. I experienced minimal pain during and after the procedure and was well taken care of including a follow-up call next day to make sure I was ok. this was something I never got from another dentist. would recommend him to everybody I know.
Wow, 149 reviews for Spiker Davis DDS, - Dentist Houston, TX
Dr Davis receives my highest recommendation to those looking for
a dental care professional along with the appropriate high standards of customer focus. He is acutely aware of peoples busy lives and does everything under his control to provide quality service in the most courteous and efficient manner possible . In 15 years I cannot long waits or
"do-overs". Given this...I am surprised one can find space to parK!
Wow, 16 reviews for Andrey Horton DDS, - Dentist Indianapolis, IN
Dr Horton has been our doctor ever since Dr Robertson retired and we could not be happier.
I have had a lot of problems and he does a great job and very little pain.
Your the best Dr Horton and will be my only dentist.
"GO COLTS"
Wow, 331 reviews for David Poiman DDS, - Dentist New York, NY
Didn't meet him yet but he was well recommended.
Maybe next visit.
Wow, 109 reviews for Daniel Fox DDS, - Dentist Livonia, MI
I have been going to Dr. Fox for over 15 years. There is no one better. The staff is amazing, professional and friendly. I have an autoimmune disease that makes it a challenge to work in my mouth. They always find a way to get the work done. .
I've referr many people th Dr. Fox, and they are so appreciate after there visit.
Wow, 160 reviews for Timothy Kelly DDS, - Dentist Albuquerque, NM
.Awesome dentist!
First time in over 15 years with no pain in my teeth!
Wow, 77 reviews for Joe Isaacson DDS, - Dentist Oklahoma City, OK
dr Joe takes great care of my teeth and has been for over 10 years!
he is very thorough and offers great solutions to any issues I've had. he is gentle, friendly, conscientious and his quality of work is unsurpassed.
Wow, 71 reviews for Melvin Dixon DDS, - Dentist Tucson, AZ
Treated me with high level of professionalism and dignity and respect. Definitely would refer others.
Wow, 298 reviews for James Mellert DDS, - Dentist Torrance, CA
Always the best in the business. He does exceptional work, worth every dollar.
Wow, 162 reviews for Shauna Gilmore DDS, - Dentist Englewood, CO
Dr. Gilmore and staff are very professional.
I had a crown today and was very comfortable with the procedure.
I would highly recommend Dr. Gilmore.
Wow, 115 reviews for Jay Citrin DDS, - Dentist Tucson, AZ
My 5 year old grandson had cavities and they needed to be addressed.
My daughter's dentist told her that he does not like to work on children so sent her to another dentist.
It turned out he had six cavities.
The second dentist wanted to put him under anesthesia to perform the work and he said it would take 2 visits.
Two visits paying for anesthesia...
They then took him to another dentist who said he needed root canals and quoted an outrageous amount of money.
I then told my daughter that I wanted to take him to Dr Citrin for an evaluation since we have known him for 25 years.
Dr Citrin immediately made my grandson feel comfortable.
He did have 6 cavities that needed to be filled but he did NOT need a root canal.
Dr Citrin filled the cavities.
My grandson did it without anesthesia or novocaine.
His cost was well under the other quotes and my grandson had a very positive experience.
Thank you Dr Citrin and I hope any parent or grandparent that reads this review will take their children to you.
Wow, 56 reviews for William Williams DDS, - Dentist Suwanee, GA
The doctors are very bad. They do not know much. They did not clean all the decay and I have to go back twice for the same problem because it kepps hurt none stop. they need more money for the issue that they did not fix in the first place. They are inexperinced. They charge a lot for nothing.
Wow, 74 reviews for Hans Schleicher DDS, - Dentist Houston, TX
After my exam and xrays he removed an upper left molar. Later replaced it with a bridge. Great chair side manner. I didn't even feel the shot. I have since then referred my friends and family.
Wow, 51 reviews for Ken Cirka DDS, - Dentist Philadelphia, PA
I totally recommend Dr Circa and his excellent team!!!
The best experience I've ever had in a dental office !!
Many thanks to all of you for taking care of me,especially Patricia!
She's a treasure!!
Yiota S.
Wow, 35 reviews for James Rutledge DDS, - Dentist Virginia Beach, VA
I've only met Dr. Rutledge once; however, my mom has been going to him for about 5yrs., and she was the one who insisted that I go to him. She spoke so highly of him, that it made me want to go, as another dentist here completely ruined my partial causing serious pain. With limited inf., to go by, he still made since out of the disastrous mess. Since moving here from D.C., it was the VERY BEST decision EVER!
He and his staff are warm and caring with great chair-side manners. As well as extremely knowledgeable about the dental industry. I noticed Doc, takes pride in everything he does! Thank you for making me feel comfortable.
team_Dr.Rutledge_and_staff! You All ROCK!
Wow, 45 reviews for Sam Namdarian DDS, - Dentist Fresno, CA
My husband and I have been patients of Dr Namdarians since Dr Simmons retired. He and his staff are professional, very courteous and caring. Rest assured, this office is very clean. We have had crowns, Invisalign and everything else in between. We would never consider going elsewhere.
Wow, 102 reviews for Mo Saleh DDS, - Dentist Lake Oswego, OR
extremely professional, high quality office everything: staff, service, financial management, respectful, caring.
best dentist I have ever gone to.
recommend highly.
5star no doubt
Wow, 135 reviews for Katya Yankelevich DDS, - Dentist Columbus, OH
I actually enjoy going to the dentist now (gasp!)
I have been seeing my hygienist Julie, and my dentist, Dr. Katya for about four years now-- they are both wonderful. Even after I moved further away from their neighborhood, I still continue to make my appointments here, because they make things easy. Julie always does such a wonderful job cleaning and making me comfortable; she is very knowledgeable and always happy to answer my questions. Dr. Katya is always very friendly and helpful as well. When I arrive for my scheduled appointments, I have never had to wait longer than a minute or two. Thank you Village Dental!
Wow, 29 reviews for Laura Funke Loftin DDS, - Dentist Milwaukee, WI
Very friendly and professional.
I was not nervous at all.
She was also able to file some chips out of my front teeth.
I am looking forward to having tooth whitening done in the future here.
Wow, 236 reviews for Nima Dayani DDS, - Endodontist New York, NY
Dr. Dayani did a root canal on my left molar the same day my dentist capped the tooth. Think about that - the SAME day is NYC. The facilities are absolutely beautiful and Dr. Dayani had the best bedside manner I have literally ever seen from a Doctor. He was kind, gentle, explained everything slowly, made sure I was comfortable every 10 minutes and let m e control how much pain I was willing to sustain before a break. I hate to admit it but I actually drifted off. He made sure to explain the charges to me upfront and I can't say more than enough about how great he is. I wish he was a general dentist as I would send everyone in my family to him.
Wow, 66 reviews for Michael Boyce DDS, - Dentist Sacramento, CA
I have been going here since I was 20yrs old (1978) with Dr Squire.
I trusted him so much for his care and awesome work that trusted the next dentist he brought in behind him after he retired.
Dr Boyce is very quiet and always professional and does great work.
I have had several fillings but many crowns replaced over the years.
I have never had any problems with any of the work performed here.
I have never missed a 6 mo cleaning appt since I started.
I have always been treated very professional and informed of all procedures.
I hate shots in the mouth and Dr Boyce and staff put you at ease.
I really appreciate the communication all the staff have with each other regarding your care for the day and upcoming. My grown daughter was raised here since a little girl, now my 5yr old granddaughter.
I have quite a few friends I have referred here also. Now 3 generations of my family at Arden Dental Care.
Wow, 80 reviews for Arthur Greyf DDS, - Dentist Livingston, NJ
My crown wasn't tremendously painful, it was more the nerve in the gums that was painful for a few days.
Wow, 286 reviews for Sameet Koppikar DDS, - Dentist Phoenix, AZ
This was my first appointment with Dr. Koppikar, my previous dentist merged his practice with him. The facility is beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly and very helpful.
Wow, 89 reviews for Paul Calat DDS, - Oral Surgeon New York, NY
We visited Dr. Calat's office in the city when my fiance' was referred to him by our dentist Dr. DePaola. Dr. Calat treated us with tender loving care. He is awesome, so personable, funny, and he really
made us feel so comfortable as he explained exactly what the procedure entailed. As a Patient Treatment Coordinator myself, I have to mention, his front desk staff was very warm and friendly. I would definitely recommend Dr. Calat to all of my friends, family, and our patients here at The Practice at Maxwell. Thank you soo very much Dr. Calat for treating us so well!!
Wow, 145 reviews for Clint Newman DDS, - Dentist Nashville, TN
two caps redone. color was suppose to be better and space between teeth closed. space was closed. color makes my bridge look worse. I knew when they said your teeth are all current colors that they weren't crazy about it so I wouldn't be either. it's a pretty color by itself not with my bridge.it makes it stand out more. I assumed I guess that my teeth would look skinnier not bulky. they are still bulky. my disgust is when I asked to send the teeth back and make it not as bulky to stand out. I said skinnier and meant not bulky but explained it. when it came back the second time I had filed my temporaries hoping they would make the poem like that. he said no and if I wanted more he basically couldn't help p me. I felt pressured to take them and I felt the tension and lack of talk if I didn't. I wish I had them put the temporary back and go somewhere else however they had to cut the temporary off. I just wanted out of there.
Wow, 13 reviews for Deboria Gill DDS, - Dentist Tulsa, OK
Dr. Gill and her staff are great. I would recommend them to anyone, and in fact, I have. The staff is great, always seems to be in a great mood, and have always helped me feel at ease. They discovered some issues with a tooth that another dentist had overlooked for over 2 years and Dr. Gill helped correct the issue. I had a lot of pain from my root canal due to that long overlooked problem and she made sure to check on me, genuinely caring. The offices are extremely clean but not so much so that you don't feel welcomed in them.
Wow, 32 reviews for Daniel Oehler DDS, - Dentist Henderson, NV
Dr Oehler is a wonderful dentist i think one of the best there is in Vegas. I always love going to his office for
dental work the Staff is amazing as well. Dr Oehler makes you feel very comfortable
and is also very informational and cares about your well being. I always enjoy my visits and am pleased with him and his staff.
Wow, 68 reviews for Guy Deyton DDS, - Dentist Kansas City, MO
He's easily the best dentist in the Kansas City area if not the states of Missouri and Kansas. He's warm, extremely knowledgeable, approachable, and I've never gotten the impression he was trying to sell me on anything, just provide the best care possible (same goes for all of his staff). I've had root canals done, two veneers, one small cavity, the works and I've been nothing but extremely happy with my results and I've never left his office feeling uncomfortable with any aspect of his work or what I'm to do to take care after I leave. I genuinely cannot recommend him enough, I tell everyone I work with. I've moved farther away from his office recently (about 25 miles) and still make the drive to see him over anyone in my area because I trust him and his people. If this is your next new dentist, trust me, he'll be your last as well!
Wow, 77 reviews for Lori Pappert DDS, - Dentist Charlotte, NC
I avoided the dentist all of my adult life because of being frightened as a child. I wouldn't go to the dentist until I was in pain and simply had to go. Dr. Pappert's caring, solicitous care and sleep dentistry have changed all that. Sadly I found her after a lot of problems had developed and I had to get dentures and a partial, but they are beautiful and I'm very satisfied. It was very expensive, but I had to have very extensive work done. I would definitely recommend Dr. Pappert to anyone. She is very professional and very knowledgeable. She makes her patients feel that she cares about their comfort and their lives.
Wow, 139 reviews for Daniel Whiteman DDS, - Dentist Brookline, MA
I am seeing Dr Whiteman for 2 years and during this time I have done several procedures ( cleaning, fillings, crown, extraction and implant). It is the first time in my life that I can say that I have complete success with all the procedures I needed to do for my teeth at a specific dentist. He is very meticulous, skilled, professional, knowledgeable and he has good bed-side manner. He is a very gentle and nice person and he is always willing to answer questions and explain.
After several unsuccessful efforts to place a good crown in one of my teeth in my previous dentist, Dr Whiteman made it seem very simple. Moreover although I had concerns whether I should have an implant that I needed, I am happy now that I chose to do that and with his help. It made that seem easy, it was literally painless and the final result is excellent! Him and his team have created a very friendly and pleasant environment in a well equipped place making the dentist appointment a nice event.
I trust his opinion and I will continue visiting him in the future whenever is needed and I
have already recommended him to my family and friends. Therefore there is no doubt that I would recommend him to others.
Wow, 462 reviews for Stuart Rich DDS, - Dentist Auburn, WA
Great! Appreciate you guys know I need shaostick for my lips too.
Wow, 54 reviews for Arun Garg DDS, - Dentist Aventura, FL
Dr Garg was recommended by my regular dentist to perform some oral surgery; I needed the bone built up in my jaw for an implant. He used platelet-rich plasma above my jawbone and below the sinus, and then was able to insert the implant post at the same time. The procedure went smoothly and, although the surgery was just this morning I am not in much pain. There was not much pain either during the procedure; a little sting when the needle went in and then no problem afterwards as I was very numb.
The whole experience went well. A somewhat trivial aside: I really enjoyed the soothing videos of coral reefs and birds in the waiting room. Usually waiting rooms have a TV blaring obnoxious daytime programs that make me more anxious and annoyed while waiting, but the nature videos were relaxing. I would definitely recommend Dr. Garg to someone needing implant surgery.
Wow, 110 reviews for John Lupovici DDS, - Periodontist New York, NY
Dr. Lupovici is simply an absolutely excellent periodontist. I have very premature and aggressively receding gums, which required gum graft surgery on all areas of my mouth (upper and lower left and right gums). Dr. Lupovici performed the surgery in stages over the course of around two years. The surgery has been very successful and I have gained significant coverage over the roots of my teeth now. I am sure that without the surgery my bone loss would have continued to the point where I could have lost all of my teeth.
In addition, not only is Dr. Lupovici a highly effective periodontist but he is also provides truly first-rate customer service. He is extremely thorough, friendly and professional. I would not hesitate to recommend him to any friend of mine who needed treatment, and in fact I have.
Wow, 53 reviews for Carrie Berkovich DDS, - Periodontist San Francisco, CA
Dr. Berkovich deserves her number one rating as SF's best periodontist.
I went to her after reading all of her glowing reviews on the internet and she met all of my expectations.
The dental implant procedure was not as bad as I expected, thanks to Dr. Berkovich's skill, minimally invasive procedures and positive attitude.
Even my dentist was impressed with the work she had done, saying the implant was positioned perfectly.
I would recommend her without hesitation.
Wow, 139 reviews for Melicia Tjoa DDS, - Dentist Houston, TX
Good experience. Very quick. Facility is magnificent. Was a great experience overall.
Wow, 111 reviews for Rohinton Patel DDS, - Dentist Honolulu, HI
Been afraid of dentists for years from bad past experiences. His office staff is great about working with your insurance and calling with friendly appointment remonders. Becky, the hygenist, does quick thorough work for your biannual cleanings When I met Dr Patel, I felt right at ease because he was so personable.I explained my fears and he assured me I would be kept pain free and comfortable. He explained everything he was doing before he did it and I was amazed at his fast work. I had a broken down front bridge that was over two decades old that needed replacing and expanding, as well as numerous sensitive and exposed gumlines from gum disease that gave me a smile I didn't want to show off. In 3 quick visits I had covered gumlines and a beautiful new front bridge that I am proud to show off. Dr. Patel is a doctor I can tell loves his profession, and has the best office manner have yet experienced. If you have been afraid of the dentist like I have, you have to go see Dr. Patel.
Wow, 114 reviews for Edward Gottesman DDS, - Periodontist New York, NY
Part 1
Dr. Gottesman and staff,
Where to even begin?! In the past 2.5 years I have had to have a lot of orthodontic work done, including wearing braces again. Along with the prior, I also had to have reconstructive jaw surgery all to fix a jaw malformation called class three. It was quite the experience. As I was nearing the end of my journey the final step was to have gum surgery. I wanted to go to the best, as I have at this point already invested a huge amount of time and money on the entire situation. Both my surgeon and orthodontist recommended Dr. Gottesman to me. I knew he would be the best, and I wasn’t disappointed. From the beginning his staff was kind and courteous. His patience and caring nature was evident as he took the time to explain everything to me thoroughly, and always made sure I was comfortable. Both he and his staff were always there to answer any questions that I had, even if they were questions they were never asked before. Since my very first time stepping into Dr. Gottesman’s office he always went above and beyond expectations. I am not from Manhattan and travel into the city for my appointments, but I wouldn’t have had it any other way. I actually looked and still do look forward to my appointments
Wow, 406 reviews for Valeria Soltanik DDS, - Dentist Aventura, FL
Deep cleaning , x rays and check up. They did the entire mouth upper and lower in one session which I appreciate. Great job, comfortable and they accepted my insurance. I would definatley recommend this dentist.