https://www.stars.org.uk
Home - STARS - Syncope Trust And Reflex anoxic Seizures, information and support
home
about stars
news & events
donate
contact us
join/login
Patient InformationConditions, Diagnosis, Treatment Options, Pat...
Conditions
Reflex Syncope
RAS
Syncope
PoTS
Living with Low Blood Pressure
Psychogenic Blackouts
IST
Syncope & Pregnancy
Diagnosis
Blackouts Checklist
Blackouts Check app
Heart Rhythm Monitoring
Miniature Insertable Cardiac Monitor
Tilt Test
Treatment Options
Counterpressure Manoeuvres
Managing Your Syncope
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy
Medications
Anaesthetists, Dentists
Pacemakers
Patient Support Groups
STARS Alert Cards
Insurance, Travel and Disability Rights Information
NICE
NHS structure
Bulk Orders for Medical Professionals
Kids and TeensUnder Seven Years, Young People,...
Under Seven Years
Sammy's Story
Starting a new School/Club
Young People
Case Studies
Advice for Young People
FAQs for Young People
Keeping Busy
International Information
Patient storiesRAS, Syncope, POTS, Device Experiences , Misd...
RAS
Ben's Story
Freya's Story
Steve's Story
Nicole's Story
Otto's Story
Patrick's Story
Tarn's Story
Jane's Story
Georgie-May's Story
Fiona's Story
Harminder's Story
Dominic's Story
Eliza's Story
Joel's Story
Louise's Story
Naomi's Story
Nicola's Story
Shelly's Story
Syncope
Steve's Story
Hayley's Story
Christopher's story
Natasha's story
Carole's Story
Emilie's story
Mary-Ellen's Story
Jennifer's Story
Marian's Story
POTS
Carol's Story
Hannah's Story
Samantha's Story
Jane's story
Dawn's story
Helen's story
Seema's story
Sophie's story
Chelsea's story
Amy's story
Jodie & Buddy's story
Ella's story
Liam's story
Kristina's story
Taras Story
Lorna's Story
James and Matthews Story
Clare's Story
Kathy's Story
Anita's Story
Kirsty's Story
Kellie's Story
Device Experiences
Sir Roger Moore's Story
Michele's story
Leigh's Story
Naomi's Story
Carole's Story
Misdiagnosis
Richard's story
Pam's story
Denise's story
Amanda's Story
Chelsea's Story
Ela Star Garside's story
DonateMake a Donation, Become a Friend of STARS, Do...
Make a Donation
Become a Friend of STARS
Donate in Memory
Other ways to donate
Corporate
Wills & Legacies
Fundraising & ShopShop Online, Fundraise, Challenge Events, Lon...
Shop Online
Fundraise
Challenge Events
London Marathon 2016
STARS Photo Competition
Fundraising Champions
Volunteer
Projects and CampaignsSTARS Education, Syncope and Falls in the Eld...
STARS Education
Syncope and Falls in the Elderly (SaFE)
Rapid Access T-LOC Clinic
Media CentreAbout STARS, Press Releases, Information abou...
About STARS
Our Aims
Celebrating STARS 20th anniversary
Our History
Medical Patrons
Celebrity Patrons
Press Releases
Information about NSF
Media Downloads
Podcasts
Recent Media Coverage
Friend of STARSSTARS Information Resources, Order Publicatio...
STARS Information Resources
Order Publications
Ask the Experts
Archive Newsletters
Archive e-bulletins
UK & International Specialists
UK Specialists
International Specialists
Contact UsEnquiry Form,...
Enquiry Form
Useful Links
LATEST NEWS:
POTS: A Mysterious Syndrome That Can Turn Your Lif...
Vasovagal syncope may mask psychogenic symptoms
No causal link between HPV jabs and POTS, CRPS, f...
Falls in older people
Medtronic recalls InSync III pacemakers due to bat...
Access information on...
Sir Elton John, CBE is pleased to renew his Patronage of STARS (Syncope Trust And Reflex anoxic Seizures)
“STARS has taken a lead in raising awareness of unexplained loss of consciousness, and offers invaluable support and advice to those in need. I am delighted to offer my continued support to STARS for its important work.”
Read more
Now is the Time - to support Arrhythmia Alliance's Manifesto to save lives
Sudden Cardiac Arrest (SCA) is a condition in which the heart stops beating suddenly
and unexpectedly due to a malfunction of the heart’s electrical
system.  The malfunction that causes SCA is a life-threatening abnormal
heart rhythm; an arrhythmia.
STARS is working alongside our sister
charity, Arrhythmia Alliance, to ensure the long-term survival of
resuscitated SCA patients.
Join us in this campaign to ensure
that 50% of sudden cardiac arrest victims in the UK, with a shockable
heart
rhythm, will return home alive and neurologically intact.
Please read this Manifesto and sign up to show your support here
Bradley Oliver Update
Bradley has been the STAR of the show at Chudfest Christmas Festival!
He put his baking hat back on for STARS and made 200 cookies which ended up selling out.
A massive well done and thank you goes out to Bradley and his super mum for raising £91.24 for STARS. Bradley has also won two more pride awards recently for all he does locally.
Find out more about our Fundraising Champions here
Personal experiences
Syncope, Bradycardia, Pacemakers, RAS
Can you help others as you may have been helped by us?
We have new members, newly diagnosed and anxious to read
of others’ experiences.
If you have a story to share then please email jenni@stars.org.uk
If you are not a confident writer, it does not matter as we will format it for our website.
IMPORTANT: Statement on Device Malfunction
August 2015
Following
recent inaccurate media reports on supposedly faulty
devices, the
following statement is being issued jointly by Arrhythmia
Alliance and
British Heart Rhythm Society.
Read the full statement here
Selma Blair, leading American actress, is announced as STARS new celebrity patron.
STARS is delighted and excited to welcome star of US film and TV Selma Blair as our new celebrity patron. Selma,aged 42, has been appointed as STARS global ambassador for children diagnosed with reflex anoxic seizures (RAS). Thanking Selma for accepting our invitation, Trudie Lobban MBE FRCP(Edin), STARS Founder and CEO said “ With such a warm spirit we know that she will support our work to advance awareness and education around RAS”
Read the story behind this announcement in the new issue of Take STARS to Heart, which will be posted shortly. To ensure that you receive a copy through your door, become a Friend of STARS today. Click here for more information on how you can become a STARS Friend.
Dr Bente Hansen, Clinical Psychologist from the University of Hull has researched and written a paper on Psychogenic Blackouts.
Click here to read a summary of her work which she has shared with STARS.
Exclusive offer for STARS Friends
If you are a Friend of STARS you can now purchase an AliveCor heart monitor for £65. If you would like to become a Friend of STARS and benefit from this amazing offer please visit our dedicated Become a Friend page.
We have a limited stock of AliveCor heart monitors available so order yours TODAY!
Email jenni@heartrhythmalliance.org or call 01789 867 503 to place your order.
Diploma in Syncope and Related Disorders at the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland
For Medical Professionals
This course is the initiative of STARS Trustee, Professor Rose Ann Kenny and Dr Conal Cunningham.
Already the positive feedback and uptake is more than encouraging. Syncope Units must be the way forward for the future and for anyone whose hospital is considering this then early registration of interest for 2015 is recommended.
Find out more
Support your local support group or start one of your own.
If you would like to gain information and advice from your local support group click here
If you would like to start a support group please email Julie Fear to register your interest julie@heartrhythmalliance.org
Join the new Syncope Community
Through recent and on-going issues with access to our Yahoo Forum, STARS has made the difficult decision to replace Yahoo with a new forum – HealthUnlocked. STARS HealthUnlocked is free to join and messages are published immediately on posting.
Join STARS HealthUnlocked
Cardiac Update Meetings
Register to attend you local Cardaic Update Meeting
CPD will be applied for with the Royal College of Physicians
£15.00 to attend (includes lunch & refreshments)
Click here to find out more
Heart Rhythm Specialists directory
Searching for a specialist in your area?
Find or register as a specialist on the Heart Rhythm Specialists directory
Register today
HOME | JOIN | DONATE | TERMS & CONDITIONS | SITE MAP | USEFUL LINKS | CONTACT
STARS, registered office: PO Box 175, Stratford Upon Avon, CV37 8YDTelephone: 01789 867 503, Fax: 01789 450 682, Email: info@stars.org.uk Registered charity no:1084898 © STARS 2009Web design by Bright White Space