https://www.streetdrugs.org
Streetdrugs
SafeSurf
Arabic
Bengali
French
German
Hindi
Japanese
Javanese
Korean
Mandarin
Malaysia
Marathi
Punjabi
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Tamil
Telugu
Vietnamese
@streetdrugs
Home
Productsview here
Alcohol
Anatomy Poster
Bath Salts
Child Safe
Children At Risk
Club Drugs
Cocaine
Drug ID Guide
Desk Reference (Drug ID Guide)>
Drug ID Chart
First Responder (Meth)
Hallucinogens
Heroin
Inhalants
Khat
Marijuana Grow
Marijuana Resource Guide
Medical Marijuana
Methamphetamine
Meth (Inhaling The Devil)
Meth Production Chart
Meth (Neighborhood Watch)
Meth (One Pot Meth Labs)
Meth (Retail Store Poster)
Meth (CD)
Meth (DVD)
Prescription Drugs
Spice - K2
Streetdrugs (CD)
Drug Infoknowledge
Adipex
Alcohol/Tobacco
Amitriptyline
Amphetamine
Anatomy
Anorectic Drugs
Barbiturates
Bath Salts
Benzodiazepines
Black Tar Heroin
Bontril
Buprenorphin
Butorphanol
Celexa
Chloral Hydrate
Clonazepam
Coca Leaf
Cocaine
Codeine
Crack Cocaine
Depressants
Dextropropoxyphene
Didrex
DOB
Drug ID Guide
DXM
Ecstasy
Effexor
Elavil
Ephedra
Fentanyl
Fioricet
Flakka
Flexeril
GHB
Hallucinogens
Hashish Oil
Hashish
Hemp
Heroin
Hydrocodone
Inhalants
Imipramine
Imitrex
Ionamin
K2 - Spice
Ketamine
Khat
LSD
Luvox
Marijuana
Merida
Mescaline
Meth Labs
Methamphetamine
Methcathinone
Opium
Paxil
PCP
Peyote
Phenaphen
Phentermine
Poppy
Prescription Drug
Prozac
Ritalin
Rohypnol
Salvia
San Pedro Cactus
Skelaxin
Soma
Steroids
Tenuate
Thebaine
Tobacco
Tofranil
Tryptamines
Ultram
WAX
Wellbutrin
Xanax
Xenical
Zanaflex
Zoloft
Zyprexa
Contactour place
Shoppingour products
Flakka
Alpha-PVP "Flakka," is surging in Florida and is also being reported in other parts of the U.S. Alpha-PVP is chemically similar to other synthetic cathinone drugs popularly called "bath salts," and takes the form of a white or pink, foul-smelling crystal that can be eaten, snorted, injected, or vaporized in an e-cigarette or similar device.
Cocaine
Cocaine is a highly potent stimulant that is considered to be one of the greatest drug threats to the world because of the violence associated with trafficking and use, the physical and psychological effects associated with its use, and the costs to society as a whole.
Wholesale cocaine traffickers purchase cocaine from importers and regional distributors usually in kilogram or multi-kilogram allotments.
Crack Cocaine
Crack cocaine, a form of cocaine base, is derived from powder cocaine. Unlike the processing of freebase cocaine, converting powder cocaine into crack cocaine does not involve any flammable solvents. The powder cocaine is simply dissolved in a solution of sodium bicarbonate and water. The solution is boiled and a solid substance separates from the boiling mixture. This solid substance, crack, is removed and allowed to dry.
Ecstasy
Ecstasy (MDMA) stimulates the release of serotonin. Prozac and other prescription drugs also stimulates the release of serotonin the difference being that the release is controlled by the strength of the Prozac.
MDMA abuse and the trafficking of MDMA is on the rise, posing serious social concerns. Once confined to major metropolitan areas, MDMA trafficking has now expanded to smaller communities.
WAX
WAX gets its name because it looks like ear wax. It can be ingested by "dabbing" inhaling the fumes. WAX is also called BHO, “Butane Hash Oil" or “Butane Honey Oil. The active ingredient of WAX is THC, the part of the marijuana plant that gets you stoned. It can be over 80%. Marijuana in the 1960s and 70s was around 4%."
K2
- Spice
K2 or “Spice” is a mixture of herbs and spices that is typically sprayed with a synthetic compound chemically similar to THC, the psychoactive ingredients in marijuana. The chemical compounds typically include HU-210, HU-211, JWH-018, and JWH-073. K2 is commonly purchased in head shops, tobacco shops, various retail outlets, and over the Internet.
Notice
Commercial Drivers, Pilots and Aircrew Members, Train Operators, Pipeline Workers and many others working under the Department of Transportation banner are required to have 60 minutes of Drug Training each year. We know offer that mandatory training here . . .
New drugs and drug use trends often burst on the scene rapidly. Law enforcement organizations and researchers in major metropolitan areas across the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia and elsewhere prepare reports with data on emerging trends and patterns in drug use. New and Updated Drug information here.
2015 Drug ID Guide
The 2015 Drug ID Guide is used by Educators, Professional Law Enforcement Agencies, Universities, Hospitals, and other Professionals across America. Get the latest information on WAX, heroin, caffeine a new substitute for amphetamine and it is legal.
Check em' out →
Digital Downloads
Use your iPad, iPhone or Android device to download this item.
Learn More →
Brochures
These high quality brochures make great handouts to your audience. At a cost of as little as .35 cents per copy, it can't be beat.
Learn More →
CDs & DVDs
Get all of our Drug ID Guides from 2000 thru 2013. Thousands of photos in the Streetdrugs CD, and learn all about meth labs with our CD and DVD for labs.
Learn More →
Your browser does not support the video tag.
This is methamphetamine, also known as "Ice", "Glass,"
or "Crystal." Look for more videos in our new
Streetdrugs University site.
Join the University Here
Already a member, Go Here
Your browser does not support the video tag. Use Firefox or Upgrade to IE 11.
This is Tar Heroin. Look for more videos of Heroin and other drugs in our new Streetdrugs University site.
Join our mailing list and stay current.
Methamphetamine & Tar Heroin
What you should know about this site
You can learn from anywhere around the world.
This site is built with a Responsive Design; use your iPad, Smart Phone, Desktop Computer, Android Device etc.
With this mobility, you can easily Stay Informed.
Show off your knowledge and skills to friends, coworkers and students.
Videos/Audio & High Resolution Photos (More on the University Site).
Test yourself (University Site)
Learn at your own pace.
Learn from professionals.
Learning is easier and convenient online.
The information is in one easy to find location.
No Advertising (We do not permit others to bother you by running Commercial Adds on our site).
No Pop Up Adds (We DO NOT employ
annoying Pop Up Adds on our sites)
No Cookies or BOTS (We DO NOT install Cookies or BOTS on your computer.
We DO NOT collect your personal information except what you provide on our shopping cart.
This site is a safe learning environment for children.
Thanks so much for fixing my issue so quickly. I would just like to say that your company has provided amazing customer service/ support. And your products are the best to be found anywhere. You make us look good as our students can't wait to get their hands on your Drug ID Guide and brochures.–A streetdrugs Customer
Quite
impressed with the customer service from Streetdrugs.org. I have rarely seen such after purchase customer service. Sales staff went out of their way to get products immediately to arrive on time. I will purchase many more of their products. If you are looking for a great products, outstanding prices and fantastic
after purchase service , you have found the company right here...–Another Satisfied Customer
Thanks again for all your help. Our logo and company info looks great. Your level of attention to detail was fantastic. I have never got this amount of support when buying training elsewhere. I need to look no further. You provide the best level of support, and I really appreciate all you help with designing the cover. The front office is very impressed.–A Happy Customer
I have downloaded 8 brochures for my iPad. They are fantastic. Great images. Others on the staff will be doing the same. Thanks!–A Satisfied Customer
Latest from the Blog
Blog Post 1
Great products...
Blog Post 2
Hello guys. Is the Drug ID Guide updated annually? The answer is, Yes.
Product Information
Click Here
to check out the many books, brochures, DVDs etc for your drug education needs.
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
Copyright © 2014 Publishers Group West, LLC - All rights reserved.
top
FAQ
Legal
Terms
Contact
Purchase