https://www.thebankandtrust.com
The Bank & Trust
Privacy Notice
|  Consumer Alerts  |  830 774 2555
Click on Menu
menu
Home
Personal
Personal Banking
Checking Accounts
EZ Checking
Electronic Checking
BanClub Checking
NOW Account
Wise Account
Liberty Shield
Check Up Checking
Savings Accounts
Savings Account
Certificate of Deposit
IRA
Personal Money Market Account
Premium Money Market Account
Health Savings Account
Insurance Services
Investment Services
Investment Representatives
Mutual Funds
Internet Banking
Discover Debit Card
Special Services
Business
Business Services
Business Accounts
Business Discover Debit Card
Loans
Personal Loans
Business Loans
Mortgage Loans
Apply Now
About
History and Philosophy
Disclosures
FAQs
News & Events
Privacy and Security
Our Inspirations
Resources
Career Opportunities
Consumer Alerts
Reorder Checks
Protect Your Identity
Contact Us
Our Team
Convenient Locations
Online Banking
Personal Banking
Checking and savings accounts with special features including Online Banking.
Learn More
Business Banking
Checking accounts with cash management and corporate card services.
Learn More
Investments
Westex Investment Services offers personal and business investment strategies to fit your unique needs.
Learn More
Insurance
Anco Insurance offers a competitive advantage of working with over 100 independent companies to find the best fit for your personal and business insurance needs.
Learn More
We Have Branches & Roots
In 1910, The Bank & Trust opened its doors with a promise to provide superior financial products with exceptional customer service in Del Rio, Texas. Over the past 105 years, the bank has served as a symbol of strength to its customers throughout times of trial and innovation including The Great Depression, two world wars, and an ever-changing economic climate. During that time period, what started as a small community bank, has expanded into the insurance and investment fields, and grown to include over 10,000 customers in six different markets throughout Texas.
Learn More
Insurance products are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency of the United States, the financial institution or an affiliate. Beginning January 1, 2010 The Bank and Trust will no longer participate in the FDIC’s Transaction Account Guarantee Program. Thus, after December 31, 2009, funds held in noninterest-bearing transaction accounts will no longer be guaranteed in full under the Transaction Account Guarantee Program, but will be insured up to $250,000 under the FDIC’s general deposit insurance rules. Securities offered through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC, an independent broker/dealer, and are not insured by bank insurance, the FDIC or any other government agency, are not deposits or obligations of the bank, are not guaranteed by the bank, and are subject to risks, including the possible loss of principal. Westex Investment Services and The Bank & Trust are independent of Raymond James.
Online Banking
Community Events
Brackettville
Del Rio
San Angelo
Sonora
Stock
^NYA
9471.7275
NYSE COMPOSIT
+97.5
^IXIC
4546.81
NASDAQ Compos
+20.7
^GSPC
1906.20
S&P 500
+15.9
Add Stock
Add Stock
add cancel
Privacy Notice
Disclosures
Survey
MasterCard SecureCode™
Contact Us
©2015 The Bank & Trust, Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender
Powered By BankSITE®