https://www.theinsider.com
The Hollywood Gossip - Celebrity Gossip and Entertainment News
Toggle navigation
Celebrity Gossip
Fashion
Weddings
Babies
Hair
Pets
News
Sports
Politics
TV
Movies
Jimmy Fallon: NBC Issues Statement About Host's Drinking Problem
Back in October, Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon severely injured his hand for the second time in six months after he took a tumble while swigging Jagermeister during an event at Harvard.
Jan 14,
3:16 pm
Posted in:
Jimmy Fallon
Sugar Bear Comes Out: I've Experimented With Guys!
Sugar Bear admits to "experimenting" with men in a clip from this week's Marriage Boot Camp. Warning: things get a little graphic.
Jan 14,
2:24 pm
Posted in:
June Shannon
Kim Kardashian: I Am the Puppet Master, Not My Mom!
Kim Kardashian is setting the record straight: SHE is the brains behind her family's phenomenal (and mind-boggling) success, not her mother.
Jan 14,
2:15 pm
Posted in:
Kim Kardashian
Teresa Giudice: Buy My Book So I Can Pay the Feds!
It's only been three weeks since Teresa Giudice was released from prison, but the troubled Jersey Housewife is already plotting her career comeback.
Jan 14,
1:54 pm
Posted in:
Teresa Giudice
Kailyn Lowry and Javi Marroquin: Breakup on the Way?!
Last month, we reported that Kailyn Lowry and Javi Marroquin would spend the holidays together in advance of his upcoming tour of duty with the U.S. armed forces.
Jan 14,
1:12 pm
Posted in:
Kailyn Lowry
Khloe Kardashian: Caitlyn LIED to the Family About Transitioning
In her seemingly neverending interview with Howard Stern, Khloe Kardashian gave us the down-and-dirty deets about her cheatin' husband Lamar Odom.
And now she's spilling the beans on the person who managed to make more headlines last year than the Kardashians: Caitlyn Jenner.
Jan 14,
1:08 pm
Posted in:
Khloe Kardashian
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt: Screaming at Each Other on Vacation?!
It sounds like there could literally be trouble in paradise for Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
That is, if your idea of "paradise" is Vietnam, and your idea of "trouble" is two gorgeous millionaires getting pissy with one another.
Jan 14, 12:35 pm
Posted in:
Angelina Jolie
Patrick Dempsey: Back Together With Estranged Wife, Jillian?
People are allowed to change their minds, but when it comes to divorce, it can get very confusing for everyone involved.
Jan 14, 12:06 pm
Posted in:
Patrick Dempsey
Spurgeon Seewald: Jessa Duggar Shares Adorable New Photos!
There's no getting around it: 2015 was a rough year for the Duggar family.
But there were definitely some bright spots amidst all the darkness. One of them was Jessa Duggar welcoming her first child - the unusually-named, but undeniably cute, Spurgeon Seewald:
Jan 14, 11:58 am
Posted in:
Jessa Duggar
Scott Disick: I Will Spend EVERYTHING to Win Kourtney Back!
According to the latest rumors surrounding Scott Disick and Kourtney Kardashian, the Lord is ready to pull out all the stops to win her back.
An uphill battle? Yes. A desperate attempt? Clearly. But these qualify as desperate times, and he's got the measures to match ...
Jan 14, 11:28 am
Posted in:
Scott Disick
Kendall Jenner Grabs Her Own Naked Boob, Makes Family Proud
Unlike some of her sisters, Kendall Jenner has an actual job. And we're not talking about living her life in front of an E! camera crew or selling waist training corsets on Instagram.
We mean that people actually seek Kendall out so that they can pay her in exchange for services. (Get your mind out of the gutter!) Yes, you can tell the girl's a real-live model, because when she gets naked it's all artsy and black-and-white. Observe:
Jan 14, 11:13 am
Posted in:
Kendall Jenner
Kody Brown: DUMPED By THREE Sister Wives?!
Affable, terribly-coiffed Sister Wives star Kody Brown may be down to a singular Sister Wife if this new tabloid report is to be believed.
Jan 14, 10:54 am
Posted in:
Sister Wives
Next »
1
2
3
…
6482
Follow The Hollywood Gossip?
Submissions? Questions? Looking to advertise?
About Us | Advertising Info | Copyright Inquiry | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
© 2016 The Hollywood Gossip - Celebrity Gossip and Entertainment News
Food Innovation Group: Bon Appetit and Epicurious
January 2016
2015 Archives
2014 Archives
2013 Archives
2012 Archives
2011 Archives
2010 Archives
2009 Archives
2008 Archives
2007 Archives
2006 Archives