https://www.titan.fr
Microgaming Progressive Tickers
Progressive Tickers
The Dark Knight™
The Dark Knight™ game offers the chance to win one of four Progressive Jackpots within a randomly triggered Bonus Wheel feature. Choose one of the two main characters to win one of the following Jackpots:
Mega Progressive – Wins start from 1 000 000.00
Major Progressive – Wins start from 10 000.00
Minor Progressive – Wins start from 100.00
Mini Progressive – Wins start from 10.00
The Higher you bet, the higher the chances of winning the Progressive Jackpot.
™ & © DC Comics. (s13)
Caribbean Draw Poker
Caribbean Draw Poker is a five-card draw video poker variant with one standard 52-card deck in which the player competes against the house dealer. It consists of two games, the main five-card draw game, and an optional bonus or side bet that can be played simultaneously and is based on the player's initial hand. The progressive jackpot is won if the player gets a royal flush as their initial hand when playing the bonus side bet.
The progressive jackpot is worth 20 400.00 credits on the main bet with a minimum of 50 000.00 credits available on the progressive side bet, assuming maximum bets of 100.00 and 1.00 respectively. Available chip sizes range from 1.00 to 100.00.
Outstanding graphics, digital sound effects and slick gameplay are all features of the game, which joins Microgaming's quality Gold Series.
Mega Moolah™ – Isis
Mega Moolah™ Isis is a 5 reel, 25 pay-line video slot with a full complement of Wilds, Scatters, Multipliers, Free Spins and a Gamble feature where players can quadruple or double winnings by predicting the colour and suit of a card.
A randomly triggered Jackpot Wheel delivers the opportunity to win on four different levels dependent on the outcome of a spinning wheel - the mini level starts at 10.00, minor at 100.00, the major at 10 000.00 and the mega a bank-busting 1 million.
Mega Moolah™ – Summertime
Mega Moolah™ Summertime Progressive Jackpot Video Slot is a 5 reel, 9 payline, multiple coin game, with a Wild, Scatters which trigger 15 Free Spins (where wins are multiplied by 3 and Free spins can be re-triggered) and a four tiered Progressive Jackpot, where the player will win a single progressive amount.
Mega Moolah™ Summertime follows the well proven 4 tier bonus structure in which players on the 20-stop Jackpot Wheel can win Mega (millions); Major (six figure wins starting at 10 000.00); Minor (hundreds, starting at 100.00) and Mini (payouts starting at 10.00) bonuses.
In addition, the game features a cool beach scene as the Scatter, which can award 15 re-triggering Free Spins with a 3x multiplier. The warm and cheerful Summertime logo itself acts as the Wild, enabling players to build winning combinations where bets are doubled.
Rounding off a thoroughly entertaining game, players can take a crack at the Gamble feature, whereby guessing the right colour or suit; base game wins can be doubled or quadrupled.
Mega Moolah™ – 5 Reel Drive
Mega Moolah™ 5 Reel Drive Progressive Jackpot Video Slot is a 5 reel, 15 payline multiple coin game, with a Wild, Scatters which trigger 10 Free Spins (where wins are multiplied by 5 and Free spins can be re-triggered) and a four tiered progressive Jackpot, where the player will win a single progressive amount.
Hit the Mega Jackpot and win at least a million on a maximum bet of 15.00. The next level down is the Major, which starts at 10 000.00 followed by the Minor level at 100.00 and the consolation prize at the Mini level of at least 10.00.
Mega Moolah™
Mega Moolah™ Progressive Jackpot Video Slot is a 5 reel, 25 payline multiple coin game, with a Wild (which doubles the win when substituting), scatters which trigger 15 Free Spins (where wins are tripled and which can be re-triggered) and a four tiered progressive, where the player will win a single progressive amount.
Wild Africa themed Mega Moolah is truly innovative and unique on the Web with multi-opportunities for reward and a red hot combination of 5 reel, 25 pay-line slot and wheel of fortune style progressive jackpot excitement.
The Mega is where it's at, offering a top prize of at least a million. The next level down is the Major, which starts at 10 000.00 followed by the Minor level at 100.00 and the consolation prize at the Mini level of at least 10.00.
Major Millions™
Major Millions™ is among the biggest ever progressive jackpot games on the internet with a jackpot starting value of £250,000! Major Millions™ is now available in three exciting versions - MegaSpin, 5-Reel Video Slot, and the all-time favorite original 3-Reel Slot.
All versions play into the same Microgaming progressive network giving players the opportunity to choose which game they feel will give them the lucky edge they need to win the giant jackpot prize.
Roulette Royale™
Roulette Royale™ is an exciting game of chance based on traditional Roulette and connected to multiple casinos powered by Microgaming. Each time any number repeats the player is awarded an additional win, even if they didn't have a bet on the winning number. If the same number repeats five times in a row, the progressive jackpot is won.
King Cashalot™
King Cashalot™ is the exciting Viper progressive developed by Microgaming. With its medieval theme and brightly coloured artwork, it has 5 reels and 9 pay lines to enhance the gaming experience. But that's not the only way to win. King Cashalot™ has scatter symbols and wild multipliers giving the player even more chances. It's also the first game to offer the 'Pick-until-Collect' bonus game, where players can choose to take a gamble and discard their winnings in order to try for a bigger jackpot.
Cyberstud™
Progressive Cyberstud Poker™ is a unique, online progressive stud poker game. It allows a range of bet sizes, and is connected to multiple casinos powered by Microgaming.
Poker Ride™
Poker Ride™ combines the fun of a popular table game with a progressive jackpot. It's also the first Progressive Jackpot Network table game where a Straight Flush pays ten percent of the jackpot, similar to land-based casinos.
Treasure Nile™
Treasure Nile™ was the web's first 9-line payout progressive jackpot slot. It is a 50-cent, 5-reel, 9-coin, 9-line progressive slot machine, connected to multiple casinos.
Tunzamunni™
Tunzamunni™ was Microgaming's first nickel progressive reel slot. With its bold tribal treasure theme, this 3-reel, 1-line slot is sure to please.
Triple 7s™
Triple 7s Progressive Blackjack™ is a unique online progressive Blackjack game. It allows a range of bet sizes, and is connected to multiple casinos powered by Microgaming.
Cash Splash™
CashSplash™, the world's first online progressive jackpot is now available in two versions. Players can choose between the original 3-reel, 3-coin single line progressive, or play this favourite slot on a new, boosted version including a 5-reel, 15 line platform with a wild and scatter symbol.
Jackpot Deuces™
Jackpot Deuces™ Progressive Video Poker is unique. It's an online video poker game featuring Wild Deuces. It's connected to multiple casinos powered by Microgaming.
Lotsaloot™
Lotsaloot™ is available in two versions: the original 3-reel version and a more advanced 5-reel, 25 pay line platform. Providing more ways to win. The additional 20 pay lines on the 5-reel version ensure that the new game has one of the highest hit rates in the Microgaming video slot range. Both original and new versions feed into the same progressive pot.
Fruit Fiesta™
This favourite progressive slot now has a new 5-reel, 15 payline version, with brilliant graphics as well as high speed, feature-rich action with wild and scatter symbols. There are more ways to win with this game than simply the additional pay lines. The scatter symbols have a high hit frequency with more payouts just waiting to be won. Both the original 3-reel and new 5-reel versions feed into the same progressive jackpot, connected to multiple casinos powered by Microgaming.
SupaJax™
SupaJax™ is a unique online progressive video poker game. It's a Jacks or Better video poker game, connected to multiple casinos powered by Microgaming.
WowPot™
WowPot™ is available in two versions: the original 3-reel version and an exciting 5-reel, 15 payline platform. The additional paylines on the 5-reel version ensure that the new game offers more chances to win. Both the original and new versions feed into the same progressive pot. Like the original Wowpot™, the 5 reel, 15 payline version is particularly suitable for beginners and intermediate players.