https://www.turn.com
Turn — Homepage
Contact Us
Careers
System Status
Regional Sites
Turn Japan
Login
Solutions
Back
Solutions
Accelerate your marketing with powerful new tools and insights.
Digital Data Centralization
Collect and organize all your data to better identify your audiences.
Media Planning and Execution
Leverage precision targeting and flexible buying options across video, mobile, social, display and TV to create maximum impact.
Consumer Intelligence
Unearth surprising insights and connections about your audience that can lead to lucrative opportunities.
Media Intelligence
Drill down into every detail of your current and past campaigns to optimize future media performance and creative.
Brand Intelligence
The power to separate your brand from your competition and drive engagement.
Digital Hub
Back
The Turn Digital Hub
Command central for your digital marketing: Leverage your data to plan, activate, and analyze your campaigns.
Platform
Bring all of your marketing data together using our powerful integrated applications for insight, action, and results across multiple channels.
Audience Suite
Campaign Suite
DataMine Analytics
Technology
Massive in scale, reach, and speed, Turn technology lets you reap the benefits of big data for true marketing insights and high performance campaigns.
Ecosystem
More than 150 partners that offer data sets, campaign tools, apps, consulting, and more to support your digital marketing programs.
Partnerships
Resources
Blog
Company
Back
Meet Turn
Turn has been transforming the way Global 2000 marketers and their agencies make decisions since we started doing business in 2006.
Management
Career Opportunities
We’re looking for innovative & passionate people who want to change the world of advertising forever. Learn more about opportunities to join our team.
Social Responsibility
Newsroom
From press releases to media coverage, learn more about Turn’s recent announcements and thought leadership.
Events
Contact Us
A Turn representative is available to talk with you about your business requirements & to answer questions about our products and services.
Locations
Request a Demo
turn
Embrace the glorious chaos of digital advertising.
The Turn Digital Hub for Marketers lets you plan, activate, and optimize campaigns from a single platform.
Explore now
Customers evolve.Now your brand can evolve with them.
The Turn Digital Hub for Marketers lets you plan, activate, and optimize campaigns from a single platform.
Explore now
What brilliant, beautiful thing will your brand be today?
The Turn Digital Hub for Marketers lets you plan, activate, and optimize campaigns from a single platform.
Explore now
Marketers Turning Insights Into Impact.
View the report to learn more.
View Now >
REPORT
According to Gartner, Turn is a Visionary. View the report to learn why.
Read more here >
VIDEO
Meet the Millennials: How Audience Clustering Reveals Deep Insights for Impactful Advertising
Watch now >
NEWS
Turn Names Bruce Falck, Former BrightRoll and Google Exec, as CEO
Read more here >
NEWS
Turn appoints Google Director as new MD of EMEA
Read more here >
CASE STUDY
Targeting the Hungry Office Worker: Using real-time insights to power cost-efficient advertising
Read more here >
CASE STUDY
Striking Gold: National jewelry retailer taps real-time insights for marketing success
Read more here >
SMART MARKET
Understand viewability: what it is, how it works, and how you can put it to work for you.
Download the Viewability eBook >
CASE STUDY
3 Day Blinds finds success with Turn + Marketo – hear how the brand achieved dramatic results by connecting marketing and advertising automation.
Watch the video >
CASE STUDY
Progressive insurance gets ahead of the competition with a data-driven advertising strategy.
Read more >
CASE STUDY
Hear how Kraft Foods saw 20 to 200 percent gains in ROI across 17 brands.
Watch the video >
The Marketer's Challenge
Digital advertising is chaotic and confusing. So many devices. So many channels. So. Much. Noise. Nowadays, it’s harder than ever to cut through the mayhem. To engage with customers whose attention is won and lost with the click of a mouse. How do you reach them? And how do you pack enough impact into your message so when you do reach them, they hear you above the racket? These are just some of the challenges marketers face in the digital age. It’s chaos. And we live, breathe, and love it.
Clay Fisher, Head of Digital Marketing and E-Commerce, DIRECTV
How do we put value on the media to drive a benefit for the business?
Media Intelligence
Bob Rupcyznski, VP of Media and Consumer Engagement, Kraft Foods
How do we start to build infrastructure to allow us to take advantage of data?
Digital Data Centralization
Aldo Agostinelli, Digital Director, Sky Italia
Our challenge is to get the right content to the right audience.
Media Planning and Execution
Robin Bordoli, General Manager Consumer Marketing Division, Marketo
The challenge for all marketers is how do they build long-term [customer] relationships.
Consumer Intelligence
Discover how Turn can solve your unique marketing challenges
The Turn Digital Hub for Marketers
Audience. Action. Insight. The fully integrated solution for digital marketers.
Plan
Turn helps you use data to discover who your audience is, what they do, and where to find them. These insights guide your creative and media strategy so you can create meaningful connections with your audience. It’s an “audience-first” approach that drives better results.
Explore
Turn Audience Suite
Activate
Reach the right audience in the right channels at the right time. Take unprecedented control of your media campaigns with powerful tools to target and engage your audiences at scale across multiple channels, with real-time responsiveness.
Explore
Turn Campaign Suite
Analyze
Arm yourself with the media, consumer, and brand intelligence to learn more about your audience, fine-tune your targeting, and refine your media and creative strategies to optimize engagement. In other words, use big data to get big results.
Explore
Turn DataMine Analytics
Seamlessly integrated applications.
Plus instant access to an integrated ecosystem of 150+ curated partners.
All from the dashboard of the Turn Digital Hub.
Explore the Digital Hub
Internet-Scale Technology,Industry-Leading Performance.
In the digital marketing world, speed, scale, efficiency, and reliability are paramount. The results Turn delivers are made possible in large part by our massive, global cloud infrastructure, and our powerful applications that respond in real time to the actions of audiences giving you the best opportunity to reach them. Here are some of the ways Turn technology is engineered to drive results.
39 Trillion
RTB ad impression opportunities per month
99%
Global response rate for all ad opportunities
2,000+
Data points evaluated in real time for each ad impression
<10
Milliseconds response time for each ad opportunity
Learn more about Turn technology
Continue the Tour
Solutions
Request a Demo
First Name
Last Name
Email
Company
Phone Number
Thanks for reaching out!
A Turn representative will contact you shortly to set up a demo. We look forward to sharing more about how Turn can help you solve your digital marketing challenges.
Server Error!
The server encountered an error when trying to submit the form.
Trust
Privacy Guidelines
Consumer Opt-Out
Infringement Policy
Inventory Guidelines
Advertiser Guidelines
Copyright 2016 Turn Inc.