https://www.uba.org
Utah Bankers Association
Utah Bankers Association
Advocacy
Member Resources
Calendar
About UBA
Education
Convention
Communications
Business Partners
Membership
Username:
Password:
Forgot your password?
2016 Ag Outlook and Conference
The 2016 Ag Outlook and Conference will be held at the Hilton Garden Inn in St. George, UT on January 28-29, 2016.
Click for details
Executive Development Program
Registration is now open for the 2016 Executive Development Program.
Learn more
Small Business Banker Development Program
The UBA is proud to offer a new educational opportunity; the Small Business Banker Development Program.
Learn more
2016 Women in Banking Conference
The much anticipated Women in Banking Conference will be held on April 21, 2016 in Salt Lake City, UT.
Check back for more details
Information Security Certification Programs
Train cyber brain with online certifications for bankers.
Learn more
Harland Clarke
The Big Six: Must-Know Marketing Metrics
Click for details
Webinars
Training is essential but often costly and time consuming.  UBA’s webinars offer expert training on a wide variety of relevant topics and are both cost effective and convenient for your entire staff.
Schedule
Directors Educational Series
Don't miss out on this great educational opportunity for directors. Sign up for a 12-month subscription NOW!
More Details
Regulatory Feedback Initiative
The Regulatory Feedback Initiative is an exciting and innovative tool that consists of a confidential electronic survey where banks can anonymously provide details on their most recent examination or visitation.
Learn More
Save Big on Office Products
As an Office Depot customer you will have access to Office Depot's exclusive Business Services Division website, strategic brand name partnerships, multi-billion dollar buying power, and ease in economizing your bank's operations.
Learn More
Heart of Our Community
UTAH # 1 – Give Credit Where Credit Is Due!
It seems like every week or so Utah wins another award for being a great place to live.  But these awards are just the tip of the iceberg.  In reality, what makes Utah great are the great people who live here.  View more
Click here to view the Heart of Our Community and follow us. Click below to follow us on social media.
Jedediah's Story - Posted January 8, 2016
On an early spring day in March 2015 Life Flight was landing in Jed Beckstead’s back yard and he knew that his life was forever changed. Earlier that morning he and his two daughters, Ava and Breeana, had headed out to the back yard for a morning trounce on the trampoline. Life was so good. He and his wife Traci had just days earlier discovered that they were expecting a baby together. In a playful mood, Jed attempted to mount the trampoline in front-somersault fashion. Unfortunately, it was at that moment that his bad shoulder gave out and he fell -- just three feet -- but landed squarely on his head. Jed knew his fate instantly -- no movement, difficulty breathing and paralyzed from the neck down. Click here to view Jedediah's story
Manuel's Story - Posted December 17, 2015
Manuel’s 14 year old daughter was living on the streets with his ex-wife and surrounded by drug addicts, however his wife had full custody and he didn’t have the legal resources to intervene. He didn’t know where to turn.Shortly after his daughter was born, Manuel and his wife divorced. Despite his pleas full custody of his daughter was awarded to her mom. Their living situation was stable enough at the time, however, shortly thereafter things started to deteriorate. They moved around often which took the child in and out of the state and eventually communication became difficult and at times nonexistent. When he learned that his daughter was homeless and living in a community drug addicts he didn’t know where to turn. Click here to read more.
Leila's Story - Posted December 3, 2015
Wanting more for their family and especially hoping for an education for their girls, the Safi family immigrated to the United States from Afghanistan in 2002. Not one to miss a single opportunity, their daughter Leila has taken advantage of all that living in the United States and Utah has to offer. As part of the International Baccalaureate Program at her high school she volunteers with Wasatch Community Gardens.  The volunteer requirement for this program is 150 hours, but she hopes to accomplish more as her individual goal, which speaks to her excelling enthusiasm to make a positive change in our community.  To Leila, volunteering is the best thing anyone can do to help contribute to his or her community. Click here to view Leila's story
Click here to view more heartwarming stories.
Message from the President
From the very beginning of the economic collapse, many politicians have tried to push responsibility for the crisis onto the banks.  But you can only run from the truth for so long, and the truth is this: the financial crisis was caused by Congress’ flawed housing policies. Read more
Upcoming Events
Jan14BSA / AML and OFAC - New Attention to Program ElementsTTS Webinar12:30 pm - 2:30 pm
Jan14Currency Transaction Reporting: Line by LineTTS Webinar9:00 am - 11:00 am
Jan14FBI Alert of Business Email CompromisesBankersEdge Webinar12:30 pm - 2:30 pm
Jan15Loan ReviewBankersEdge Webinar12:30 pm - 2:30 pm
Jan15New Release: FFIEC IT Management HandbookTTS Webinar9:00 am - 11:00 am
Jan282016 Ag Outlook and ConferenceHilton Garden InnSt. George, UT
View All Events
Connect with the UBA
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Manage My Profile
Staff Access
Log Out
Copyright © 2016 UBA. All rights reserved.