https://www.ubs.com
Our financial services in your country
| UBS Egypt
Site title
Site content
UBS
Egypt
Service navigation
Egypt
Please select your country of domicile
Global homepage
Europe
Austria
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Iceland
Italy
Jersey
Monaco
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Russia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
More branches and offices in Europe
North America
Canada
United States
Asia Pacific
Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
More branches and offices in Asia Pacific
Middle East & Africa
Bahrain
Egypt
Israel
Lebanon
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
United Arab Emirates
More branches and offices in Middle East Africa
Latin America & Caribbean
Bahamas
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Mexico
Panama
Uruguay
More branches and offices in Latin America & Caribbean
Contact
Locations in EgyptContact form
Global search
Search
Account login
Account login
Individuals
UBS Wealth Management Research Service
More logins
pause
promotion 1
promotion 2
promotion 3
promotion 4
promotion 5
Nice view(s)?
Negative interest rates push real estate valuations in Switzerland to record high levels. Our UBS Real Estate Focus 2016 shows  impact, opportunities and risks.
I want to know more
To buy or not to buy?
A question many of us ask at some stage in our lives. Our Global Real Estate Bubble Index can help.
I want to know more
The investment drought
Ending short-terminism, and focussing on the long term
Read here
How hungry are you?
Find out how long you need to work to buy a Big Mac®. Also compared to others. Get the latest data in UBS Prices and Earnings 2015.
Read more
UBS in Egypt
Main navigation
Egypt
'WOMEN: New Portraits' a global tour of new photographs by Annie Leibovitz launches in London
Wed Jan 13 15:00:00 CET 2016
Homepage
Back to top
Products and services
Local offer
Global capabilities
Market insights
Financial market data
Analysis and commentary
About UBS and Careers
Our firm
News and Media Relations
Investor Relations
Our commitment
Careers
Latest Group news:
'WOMEN: New Portraits' a global tour of new photographs by Annie Leibovitz launches in London'WOMEN: New Portraits' a global tour of new photographs by Annie Leibovitz launches in London
+++
New UBS report highlights the high cost of climate change to global middle classNew UBS report highlights the high cost of climate change to global middle class
+++
UBS announces successful completion of public tender offerUBS announces successful completion of public tender offer
+++
Scroll
UBS in Egypt
Headquartered in Zurich and Basel, UBS is a global firm providing financial services to private, corporate and institutional clients. We are present in all major financial centers and have offices in over 50 countries.
UBS has a representative office in Cairo. It closely monitors developments in the Egyptian market, conducts general marketing activities and acts as a point of contact for UBS AG in Egypt.
Services in Egypt
Our representative office in Cairo monitors developments in the Egyptian market, conducts general marketing activities and acts as a point of contact for UBS AG in Egypt.
UBS AG Cairo Representative Office in Egypt is not a licensed bank or branch operating in Egypt under the applicable banking and capital market regulations and does not provide any banking or capital market activities in Egypt. The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions for further information.
Offices and contacts
Locations in Egypt
Contact form
Scroll
Back to top
Global capabilities
Our services around the world
Wealth Management
UBS offers high net worth and affluent individuals around the world a complete range of tailored advice and investment services.
Our spectrum ranges from investment management to estate planning and corporate finance advice, in addition to specific wealth management products and services.
Wealth Management overview
Asset Management
UBS offers investment capabilities across traditional and alternative asset classes for private clients, intermediaries and institutional investors.
Asset Management overview
UBS Funds
UBS ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds)
Investment Bank
UBS provides securities products and research in equities, fixed income, rates, foreign exchange and metals as well as advisory and access to capital markets.
Investment Bank overview
Investment Bank Client Portal
UBS KeyInvest (structured products)
UBS. The Bank for Banks
We help banks to extend their offers and transform their cost structures. Services include market intelligence, business execution, liquidity provision, processing and client servicing.
Learn more
Financial intermediaries
Our solutions for independent financial advisors and wealth managers include research, infrastructure and a broad range of products and services.
Learn more
Banking in Switzerland
UBS provides a complete set of banking services for individual, corporate and institutional clients.
Wealth Management
Retail Banking for private clients
Corporations and institutions
Scroll
Back to top
Following the markets
Financial market data, indices and UBS Quotes
Market overview
Market Overview Table
Symbol
Last
Time
Trading Center
CAC 40
4329.48
17:07:45
[paris]
DAX
9833.31
17:07:59
[frankfurt]
Dow Jones
16330.53
11:07:59
[newyork]
EURO STOXX
3033.85
17:07:45
[zurich]
Hang Seng
19817.41
16:01:22
[hongkong]
NASDAQ 100 Index
4224.15243
11:08:00
[newyork]
SMI
8300.67
17:19:59
[zurich]
DJ Stoxx 50
2888.53
17:07:45
[zurich]
Further indices
UBS Quotes
Discover the version of UBS Quotes with a reduced range of functions that is available to the public. You have access to the key financial instruments, while the currency calculator enables you to query up-to-date banknote and exchange rates.
Public version
UBS Quotes for clients
As a client of UBS, you have exclusive access to extensive financial information and publications from our investment experts. You can also compile financial instruments in a virtual portfolio and set notifications for maturities and price changes.
Login
Search quotes
Please enter a symbol, ISIN, WKN, valor or a company name.
Search
UBS Quotes
Currencies
Exchange rates
Funds and structured products
Up-to-date product information and daily quotes for UBS Funds.
UBS Fund Gate
Structured products and derivatives from UBS Investment Bank.
UBS KeyInvest
Daily commentary
Daily comments on equity and foreign exchange markets in Asia and Europe.
Read daily comments
Scroll
Back to top
Analysis and commentary
UBS House View Monthly Letter
10 December 2015: Back to the future
- Equities look set for a positive year, supported by continued global growth, rising earnings, healthy corporate balance sheets, and accommodative central banks.
- The turn of the year is a good time to look further into the future. Investors can achieve higher returns by allocating part of their portfolio to longer-term trends and riding out periods of market volatility.
- The growing global population, aging societies, and urbanization all have important implications for investors and present attractive investment opportunities in food, health, and infrastructure.
- For the coming year we favor Japanese and Eurozone stocks, which enjoy the most appealing combination of healthy profit growth and supportive monetary policy.
Read the full letter
CIO Wealth Management
What's likely to move markets next week? Find out by listening to this UBS Wealth Management podcast.
UBS on SoundCloud
Weekly Outlook
UBS Investor Forum
Each month, the Chief Investment Office WM invites leading investment experts to debate and challenge the UBS House View.
Find out more about the UBS Investor Forum
Analysis at UBS
Learn more about our analysis and research capabilities.
CIO Wealth Management
UBS Securities Research
Asset Management Research
Selected highlights
Investment Bank
UBS Investment Bank's senior economist discusses the current issues affecting global economies and financial markets.
Daily Roundup with Paul Donovan
Asset Management
Global Investment Solutions (GIS) provides insights into the key factors shaping economic and market developments.
Investment Outlook
Scroll
Back to top
Our firm
Global financial advice and expertise that matters.
Individuals around the world look to UBS to provide them with the advice, expertise and opportunities they need to protect and grow their wealth.
Leading companies and institutions in more than 50 countries rely on our financial resources, expertise and infrastructure to help them grow their businesses, manage their risks and invest for the future. In Switzerland, we fulfill every kind of banking and investment need, from savings and credit cards to mergers and acquisitions.
See how our unique global presence and capabilities can help you achieve your financial goals.
Who we are
UBS in a few words
UBS in a few figures
Our employees
Corporate governance
Our history
What we do
About us
Our strategy
Our clients and businesses
Corporate responsibility
Sponsorship engagements
Contact us
Contact form
Contacts and offices worldwide
Main offices
Corporate information
Careers
Media
Investor Relations
Contemporary Art
Good contemporary art reflects and influences trends in society, and at times might even suggest the future. We share a passion for contemporary art with many of our clients.
Engagements in Art
Scroll
Back to top
News and Media Relations
Media Relations
Media EMEA
Media Global
News and services
UBS News Alert
Corporate calendar
UBS Calendar Reminder
UBS RSS Feeds
Latest news and media releases
Wed Jan 13 15:00:00 CET 2016
Wed Jan 13 15:00:00 CET 2016
'WOMEN: New Portraits' a global tour of new photographs by Annie Leibovitz launches in London
Tue Jan 12 11:00:00 CET 2016
Tue Jan 12 11:00:00 CET 2016
Alternative Beta mit Währungssicherung: UBS listet drei neue Faktor-ETFs am XETRA-Segment der Deutschen Börse
Mon Jan 11 07:00:00 CET 2016
Mon Jan 11 07:00:00 CET 2016
New UBS report highlights the high cost of climate change to global middle class
Thu Dec 17 07:00:00 CET 2015
Thu Dec 17 07:00:00 CET 2015
UBS announces successful completion of public tender offer
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
UBS AG cash tender offers for certain pound sterling, euro and italian lira securities: announcement of pricing information and final results
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
UBS AG announces results of tender offers for cash for its CHF subordinated notes due 2016 and CHF subordinated notes due 2017
More media releases
Contact Media Relations
UBS Media Relations – London
+44-20-75 67 47 14 (phone)
+44-20-75 68 09 55 (fax)
Spokespeople
Contact form
UBS in Social Media
Follow our official Social Media presences for a quick and easy way to receive the latest UBS news.
UBS EMEA on Twitter
UBS Global on Facebook
UBS Global on LinkedIn
UBS Global on Google+
Complete list of Social Media channels
Scroll
Back to top
Investor Relations
Investor information
Investor Relations overview
General meetings of shareholders
Corporate calendar
Investor services
UBS shareholders
Dividend payments
Management transactions
Analysts covering UBS share
More information for shareholders
Financial reporting
Quarterly reports
Annual reports
Outlook
UBS bondholders
Capital instruments and bonds
Credit ratings
Ad hoc releases for investors
Thu Dec 17 07:00:00 CET 2015
Thu Dec 17 07:00:00 CET 2015
UBS announces successful completion of public tender offer
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
UBS AG cash tender offers for certain pound sterling, euro and italian lira securities: announcement of pricing information and final results
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
Wed Dec 16 19:30:00 CET 2015
UBS AG announces results of tender offers for cash for its CHF subordinated notes due 2016 and CHF subordinated notes due 2017
More ad hoc releases
Contact us
Investor Relations team
UBS share price
UBS Group N
17.39 CHF
-0.27 (-1.53%)
Zurich
14 Jan 2016  17:09
17.25 USD
-0.03 (-0.17%)
New York
14 Jan 2016  11:09
Investor relations
Scroll
Back to top
Our commitment
Doing the right thing - now and in the future
How we do business
Clear principles are necessary and collaboration is essential when tackling present-day challenges.
Sustainability at UBS
Chairman's interview on corporate responsibility
What matters - materiality in today's banking business
Protecting people and planet
Our employees
Governance
How we support our clients
We provide our clients with innovative products & services that address societal concerns and drive change for the better.
UBS and Society
Sustainable products & services
Philanthropy
Suitability
How we support our communities
We provide targeted financial support and employee volunteering in our local communities, focused on education and entrepreneurship.
The "how" and "what" of UBS community investment
Impact measurement
What we do in the regions
Awards & recognitions
Corporate Responsibility at UBS
Facts & views
CR factsheet
Adding value(s) to investing
To integrate or to exclude – Approaches to sustainable investing
Chairman's interview
Awards & recognitions
UBS named industry group leader in DJ Sustainability Indices 2015
CSR award from Foreign Policy Association
Oekom prime status
Scroll
Back to top
Careers
Discover your opportunities
Why UBS?
UBS fosters a development and learning culture that creates opportunities for every employee to grow as an individual and provides a platform to empower them professionally. Despite the size and scope of the organization, you'll see that you work for a firm that values you as an individual.
Why UBS?
Meet our people
UBS careers blog
Professionals
Already working and looking to take the next step? Move your career forward in our high-performance environment.
Search open roles
Career website
Students, graduates and MBAs
Looking for an ideal place to begin your career? Explore our world of opportunities for university students and recent graduates including MBAs.
Graduate Training Programs
MBA programs
Internships
Events
Search and apply
Professionals
Students, graduates and MBAs
UBS in social media
UBS Careers on Facebook
UBS Careers on Twitter
UBS Careers on LinkedIn
UBS Careers on Google+
UBS Careers on YouTube
Print this page
Subscribe
Short URL: https://www.ubs.com/egypt
You are here:
Egypt
Terms of Use
Privacy statement
Report fraudulent mail
Cookies
Mobile website
UBS AG Cairo Representative Office in Egypt is not a licensed bank or branch operating in Egypt under the applicable banking and capital market regulations and does not provide any banking or capital market activities in Egypt. The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions for further information.
© UBS 1998 - 2016. All rights reserved.