https://www.umfm.com
Thursday January 14th, 2016 - 10:35AM
On-Air: Alternative Radio
(Current Playlist)
Next Show: Gameslackers / Game Over at 11:00AM
Request Line: (204) 269-8636
Contact
CJUM FAQ
Music Dept. FAQ
Renewal
Advertising
Friends With Benefits Card
Links
Canadian C&C Radio Stations
Search
Program Grid
Show Descriptions
UMFM Special Broadcasts
Old Show Vault
Bison Sports
Podcasts
Year's Best
Events Calendar
UMFM Presents
Pledge-O-Rama
Community News
Live Sessions
Air Times
Photos
Videos
Show Maintenance
Station Policies
Donate
Listen Online
Today's Music Logs
This Week's 35
Podcasts
Live Sessions
Upcoming Events
Click on poster for more info
Featured Partner
Bison Athletics
Offered Incentive: Buy 1 Admission, Get 1 Free (Regular Season Games Only)
back soon!
New Year, New Programming!
on January 4,2016 by michael
UMFM is excited to announce that beginning this Friday, January 8th and running every Friday night from 6 - 6:30 PM we'll be airing UNDER THE NEEDLE, a series of live performances originating from KEXP in Seattle. While we pride ourselves on the great locally produced programming our volunteers create each week, we're also eager to provide the Winnipeg community with some quality broadcasts from further afield and Under The Needle fits that bill. Each week a different guest stops by KEXP's studios - solo acts, seven-piece bands and all sorts of other configurations - and performs a handful of live tunes that can only be heard via the original broadcast and now via UMFM.
Our first broadcast will feature Destroyer, whose most recent album Poison Season was the #40 album of 2015 here at UMFM. Coming weeks will feature King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard, METZ and more!
Happy Holidays To All!
on December 17,2015 by jared
With the holiday season now in full swing, the staff and volunteers
at UMFM would like to take this opportunity to wish you and yours
nothing but the best tidings of the season!
Once again, we need to thank you
for your support during 2015 which
was historical year for UMFM that
saw us execute our most successful Pledge-O-Rama yet, recording and posting some of our most amazing live sessions to date,
and of course
continuing to produce countless hours of
quality radio programming, along the way introducing some great new
programs to our grid for your listening enjoyment.
Starting on December 23rd at 6PM, we'll be moving into holiday programming mode, resuming normal programming once agian starting January 4th.
During this time, some of your favorite shows will be doing special
extended episodes, some will pre-record and some will take some well
deserved time off.  Our offices will also be closed for those 2 weeks,
but should you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to us
via the normal channels.
Until then,
enjoy some quality time with your family and friends and
most importantly, be safe and kind to one another -- we can't wait to
see you all
in 2016!  We've got some exciting new initiatives
developing that we
can't wait to share with our, our loyal friends and
listeners!
Are You Down With The Fiver?
on November 24,2015 by jared
Calling All Local Bands!
Attention all new local bands and musicians! Do you think you are one of the
top five local acts to watch in 2016? Now's your chance to show us why - apply for the Uniter Fiver and enter
for a chance to access recording opportunities, industry contacts, local
coverage, and best of all, a showcase at The Good Will Social Club on January 14th.
Go to uniter.ca/uniterfiver right now and cast your vote for great music right here in your own backyard!
Pledge-O-Rama Payment Processing & Incentive Collection!
on November 3,2015 by jared
Hey Folks!
First off, we'd like to thank you once again
for your kind donation to UMFM - without the support of good people like
you, the station could not continue to thrive and bring you great
programming each and every day.  Your generosity is appreciated more
than you could ever know.  We wanted to give you a quick update on payments and incentives, so please read below - as always, let us know if you have any questions at all.
Credit Card Payments
Over the next few days you should be seeing a charge on your credit card
statement paying for your pledge.  Each year, we have to wait
until November 1 to post any credit card charges in order to properly
dispense tax receipts to those of you who have requested them.  We also need to wait for November to roll around as each October we also need to process the final installment payment for
donors who chose to pay over 12 months during the previous Pledge-O-Rama - we do
apologize if the delay has caused any confusion.
The charge that you will be seeing a charge on your statement comes
up as "UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA WINNIPEG, MB" as we process through the
University Of Mantioba Student Union cashier's office.  This applies to donors who are paying their pledge in full, as well as to those who are making their first term payment.
Cash & Cheque Payments
If you wish to pay your pledge via cash or cheque you will be receiving a envelope from us in the mail in the next week or so.  Simply affix proper postage, place your concealed payment in said envelope and drop it at your nearest postal outlet - it's that simple!
UMFM Friends With Benefits Cards
Once again, if you donated to Pledge-O-Rama 2015, you'll be receiving our latest, greatest Friends With Benefits Card which is good for special offers and great deals at more than 40 great Winnipeg businesses and services.  The cards are currently on the way from our headquarters to your headquarters - if you don't receive the card, please let us know and we'll correct that situation ASAP!
Pledge Incentives
Finally, if you have yet to receive your Pledge-O-Rama incentives, we will be making arrangements to deliver them to your doorstep.  We will getting in touch with you to confirm sizing for your incentives when warranted, and will make arrangement to the goods into your hands at that time.  Thanks again, we appreciate your patience!
Should you ever have any questions, please don't hesitate to give us a call at 204-474-7027. Once again, we can't say thanks enough for your support - you're truly amazing!
You Won A Golden Ticket!
on October 29,2015 by jared
Since our first Pledge-O-Rama back in 2012, we've been super proud to partner with some of our favorite local venues and festivals to give away the ultimate music lovers dream prize each year - the elusive UMFM Golden Ticket!
There is so much music that goes on in our fair city and we feel that the Golden Ticket helps to showcase that and allows it's holder to introduce their friends and family to the great music scene here, but also introduces them to the wider Winnipeg Musical Ecosystem that allows all of this to happen on the regular!
Special thanks as always goes out to our participating venues & festivals that make this possible,
you can't begin to understand how appreciative we are for your support.
Our 2016 Golden Ticket Winners are:
The Good Will Social Club - Nikki Basset The Handsome Daughter - Christine Dobbs The Park Theatre - Broose Tulloch The Pyramid Cabaret - Eugene Osudar West End Cultural Centre - Kristi Kolbauer
Interstellar Rodeo - Laura Graham Jazz Winnipeg - Zach Fleisher Winnipeg Folk Festival - Aly Leinhardt
Thanks once again for your generous donations - we'll be in touch to discuss your amazing prizes with you shortly!
Page 1 of 39
1
2
3
>
Last
Phone: (204) 474-7027    |
Request Line: (204) 269-8636    |
Fax: (204) 269-1299    |
E-mail: cjum@cjum.com
|
©2008