https://www.usedbongs.com
UsedBongs.com
Alcohol and salt
March 6th, 2010
The fact of the matter is that you DO NOT need to buy any special “Formula’s” to take care of your 420 cleaning needs.
All a used bong needs is salt and alcohol.
Rice works too.
Posted in Cleaning Advice | 7 Comments »
Best License Plate Ever
January 25th, 2009
Sometimes vanity license plates are a chore to decipher.   Luckily my friends is pretty simple.
This is a real license plate.
This is also something you could only get away with here on Maui. My friend bought this car with the license plates.  He asked about the plates when he bought the car.
Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in Other Crap | 1 Comment »
Cleaning a Plastic Piece
November 13th, 2008
One of the most asked questions I get is how do you clean a plastic bong or pipe?  My usual advice is to throw away the piece and buy glass.  The fact is that there are some people not in a position to have glass.  I do not own any acrylic and don’t know how to answer this question.  I do know not to use alcohol with plastic.   I am puting the question out there and hope you can help.  Leave a comment if you have a tip or some solid advice n how to clean a plastic/acrylic pipe or bong.
I leave you with some Aloha from Maui…
Posted in Cleaning Advice | 29 Comments »
Citrus Isopropyl Alcohol
July 31st, 2008
So I am cruising through K-Mart picking up a few things and I remember that I needed some rubbing alcohol.  No big deal, then low and behold I run into something rather unexpected on the shelf… 70% Isopropyl Alcohol with Citrus.
I check out the bottle and it is regular alcohol with a citrus scent.  Sweet.
First thing I did when I got home was clean my bong and man this stuff is great.  I just added a little bit of salt and it was just like I remember formula 420 being.
I highly recommend this citrus scented blend.
You get great cleaning powers and now you don’t even have to deal with the sharp smell of the rubbing alcohol.
I paid about 2 bucks a bottle and I am gonna go back for more.  Do yourself a favor and pick some up.
Keep cleaning those bongs.
Posted in Cleaning Advice, Cleaning Tools | 16 Comments »
Medical Marijuana and Minors
July 28th, 2008
So your legally selling medical marijuana in California.  A kid and his dad come into your dispensary with a prescription from a doctor at Stanford University.  The patient, although a minor, is battling cancer and you fill the prescription.  Wow, seems civilized.   Kinda like the reason why prop. 215 was passed in California to begin with.
Too bad there is another side to this story.  A side where the man behind the dispensary might get 100 years in prison.  What?  In California the average first-degree murderer serves 20 years behind bars???  Thank the Feds for taking this to a whole new level of stupidity.
As an early-on/grassroots supporter of good old prop. 215, I don’t understand how the Feds can just barge in and stomp all over California.  I think we need to show that medical marijuana has become a states rights vs. the Feds issue.  This is far bigger and could really grab peoples attention.
Anyway, enough of the ranting.  What I wanted to do was present you the whole story of what I described earlier.
Drew Cary hosts and narrates a very well done piece on medical marijuana and minors.
Thanks to Reason.tv for making and sharing videos like this
I hope you watched and enjoyed the vid.
My question now is, you got cancer and your fighting for your life.
You just got some weed.
How do you enjoy it?
Joint, pipe, bong?
I wonder what this kids first session was like?
How did the marijuana actually work for him?
Keep your bongs clean!
Posted in Other Crap | 9 Comments »
UsedBongs Own How-To Cleaning Video
June 4th, 2008
We knew it was a matter of time before we would make our own  ‘how to clean a bong’ video.  Consider this version 1.1 and please stay tuned for more videos.
Cleaning a bong is a simple thing.
Too often we make bong cleaning complicated or we stoners are just too lazy to do the job.
Bottom line is that if you clean your water pipe weekly, you will have a healthier, more pleasurable smoking experience.
I hope you enjoy the video and appreciate the advice.
You, your bong, and your smoke will be better for it.
Posted in Cleaning Advice | 9 Comments »
Me Super High
May 14th, 2008
Last Year while making my rounds at the 20th Cannabis Cup in Amsterdam, I was fortunate enough to meet Doug Benson.
Little did I know at the time, he was about to drop a “Potumentary” called Super High ME.
Imagine Super Size ME, but with pot instead of McDonald’s.
Doug Benson starts the movie with 30 days of no smoking or alcohol and then dedicating the next 30 days to copious amounts of smoking and eating marijuana laced products.
I felt the ‘meat’ of the movie was the conflict between state medical marijuana laws and federal anti-drug laws.
There are some very candid shots of medicinal dispensaries getting raided and the protests that ensued.
A perspective you really don’t get to see in the mainstream media.
Unfortunately, Super High Me did lack the real medical examination of the 30 days of consuming MJ and the reality check of a real documentary.
Some things this movie is:
-Doug Benson’s humorous 30-day stoned journey.
-a political film about the dispute between state and federal authorities on Marijuana legalization in California.
-a club film about Benson’s comedy act during the period of his 30-day experiment.
-evidence that marijuana won’t do much harm.
Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in Other Crap | 1 Comment »
Maui 420 on 4/21 Cannabis Cup
May 2nd, 2008
Sometimes April 20th can be such an action packed day that you don’t have time to do anything.
We are of course referring to the ’420 Fried Food Feast’.
(Please click here to check it out)
It was equally as fun as our Maui 420 on 4/21 Cannabis Cup.
Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in Other Crap | 7 Comments »
Mastercards are Priceless
May 2nd, 2008
Make
Up
$
40
Hair
Stylist:
$75
Body
Waxing: $110
Custom
Tattoo: $150
Sexy
Designer Outfit: $225
Collagen
Lip Enhancement: $400
Boob
Job: $6 ,000
Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in Other Crap | 6 Comments »
Bong and Pipe Cleaning Tools Part 1
April 27th, 2008
Along side your alcohol, salt and rice you should try these 3 simple bong and pipe cleaning tools.
Most of the work is going to be done by the aforementioned items, but these additional tools can help any situation.
My first go-to helper is the “q-tip” or cotton swab. These nifty tools are very safe for all of your glass especially.
One of the best parts of Qtips is they are disposable.
They are flexible and can make it into very tight spots also.
Dip them in alcohol for added affect.
I find Q-tips to be a valuable tool for not only cleaning, but they are great for maintaining.
Again, dip them in alcohol and they work wonders.
Remember that you can buy extra long versions too.
This will aid the cleaning of larger pieces.
Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in Cleaning Tools | 44 Comments »
Bong 1 of 31
2
3
>
Our Mission
To disseminate bong and pipe cleaning knowledge. With a bunch of other crap mixed in.
PagesAbout
Bong da Vote
Contact
Disclaimer
Marijuana Glossary
Marijuana Wallpapers
Categories
Cleaning Advice (11)
Cleaning Tools (3)
Other Crap (14)
Archives
March 2010
January 2009
November 2008
July 2008
June 2008
May 2008
April 2008
Linkorama
MyWeedSpace
Polls
How Is My Site?
Helpful
Excellent
Bad
Can Be Improved
No Comment
Useless Crap
View Results
Loading ...
Polls Archive
Be NORML
UsedBongs.com is really high right now
WordPress
Entries (RSS)
and Comments (RSS).