https://www.vacb.org
Virginia Association of Community Banks | Richmond, VA - Home
Home  |  ﻿Contact Us﻿  |  Join Us  |  Sitemap
Menu
Calendar
Upcoming Webinars
VACB Seminars
VACB Convention
VACB Compliance Forum Enrollment
Leadership
Our Mission
Chairman's Message
Board of Directors
Committees
>
Executive
Education
Services
Technology
Legislative
Meet the Staff
Membership
Banks
Associates
Endorsed Providers
Benefits
Apply/Renew
>
Banks
Associates
Photos
Contact Us
Advancing Community Banks in Virginia.
Welcome to our site.
Learn more
ICBA, VACB and Dell Announce Member Purchase Plan Benefiting Virginia Community Banks​
The Independent Community Bankers of America® (ICBA) and Dell have announced an agreement providing benefits to community banks. Through this relationship, members of the Virginia Association of Community Banks (VACB) will be able to take advantage of preferred pricing on computer equipment such as workstations, servers and laptops. Hardware covered under the agreement includes workstations, laptops, ultrabooks, desktops, servers, printers, electronics and accessories as well as services and software. VACB members will also have access to a dedicated account executive familiar with ICBA’s program who will advocate for them with appropriate Dell teams, including technical experts from all of Dell’s brands and product lines. The best part of the Member Purchase Plan is who is eligible to use the discounts: Everyone! From member banks, to their bank customers, and VACB Associate Members, as well as all personnel, for both work and personal purchases. Through your affiliation with VACB or ICBA you can take advantage of this special pricing. The program also features quarterly specials and “stackable” coupons. This is a win-win for all. Purchasers enjoy deep discounts on computers and VACB enjoys a profit share from items sold. For additional information, visit www.dell.com/icba or contact VACB.​
First Bank in Strasburg Raises Over $45,000 for United Way
For First Bank employees, raising more than $40,000 dollars for the United Way of Northern Shenandoah Valley was as easy as pie - or at least culminated in employees throwing pies in their leaders' faces. The Strasburg-based company, with more than 200 employees, set a goal of raising $40,000 for the United Way campaign."We raised $46,500, which is a new record for a First Bank campaign," CEO Scott Harvard said Wednesday. "We had almost 70 percent of our employees participate in the campaign."To celebrate, Harvard, who is also the local 2015 United Way campaign chairman, was one of four people to be pied Wednesday morning at First Bank's 1835 Valley Ave. branch location. The others were adviser Jamie Lam; Greg Hoover, who is in charge of retail branch operations; and Lee Leonard, a credit risk manager.​"They were all nominated by fellow employees. Everybody was a really good sport about it," said Harvard. "Lee is one of our dashing, handsome young men, who's very prideful of how he's put together, so a pie in his face was fun for the person delivering [it].""I thought [the pie throwing was] a great way to raise money for such a great cause," said Leonard, who was the local chairman for this year's United Way Day of Caring. Harvard said employees have pledged money to United Way through 2016 payroll deductions and fundraisers.​
Many Thanks to Our 38th Annual Convention Sponsors!!
We couldn’t do what we do with the help our wonderful Associate Members! Their generous support enables us to bring exceptional speakers and wonderful events to the annual convention. PlatinumCommunity Bankers’ BankFederal Home Loan Bank of AtlantaSHAZAMTravelersWilliams MullenYount, Hyde & Barbour GoldBankers HealthCare GroupCredit Risk ManagementElliott Davis DecomisoICBA ServicesSpotts Fain SilverBaskervill​Mitchell Wiggins​Sandler O’Neill + PartnersSecure Banking Solutions​Strategic Risk AssociatesSunTrust Robinson Humphreys
VACB Compliance Forum Enrollment
Upcoming Events
Annual Convention
Upcoming Seminars
Copyright © 2014 Virginia Association of Community Banks. All rights reserved.7204 Glen Forest Drive - Suite 101, Richmond, VA, 23226-3778Phone: (804) 673-8250  |  Fax: (804) 673-8251  | info@vacb.org
✕