https://www.vipcasino.com
Online Casino - Safe Online Casino UK, Play Online - VIPCasino
VIP Casino
Login
Become a Member
English
Dummy language
Promotions
VIP Lounge
Banking
Support
All Games
All Games
Slots
Blackjack
Roulette
Table Games
Video Poker
Jackpots
All games
New games
Featured games
1 Can 2 Can
These birds have an insatiable appetite for big wins and will add wilds and scatters randomly to satisfy their hunger. Three scatter will trigger free spins during which the birdies are even more helpful with extra wilds.
5 Knights
Arise, noble knight. Take a ride on the wild slide for up to 6x multiplier stacked wilds at the top of the reels and earn a King’s ransom. It will be a hard day’s knight, five knights a week to secure the Kingdom. Land at least three castles to trigger 15 free spins with double prizes and your selected wild reel still in play.
An Evening with Holly Madison
Sexily dressed in a short, animal-print dress and high-heels, Holly Madison loves nothing more than inviting you to spend an evening with her by blowing you kisses from a variety of positions and saying, “Come and play”, whilst playing seductive music in the background.
An Evening With Holly Madison features a collossal 30 pay lines in addition to the unique features such as the Holly Goes Wild and a Photo Shoot Bonus round which are activated at the end of the free spins bonus round.
Andre the Giant
Step into the ring as Andre the Giant and fend off wrestle mania attackers. Use special power moves during free spins to rack up enough winnings to secure the title belt. The giant will randomly become an extended wild to boost your bankroll.
Big Foot
Big Foot is blurry. It’s not the photographer’s fault. There’s a large out-of-focus monster roaming the countryside. But don’t worry; our friendly Sasquatch is here to bring you fortune. If you spot him he’ll increase your winnings. And don’t miss out on the free spins where prizes are doubled.
Butterflies
Chaos theory will teach you that a butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil can cause a tornado in China. Well, we don’t know if all that’s true, but we do know that these little flappers can cause your bankroll to expand dramatically.
Got questions? Check out the FAQs here!
About VIP Casino:
CryptoLogic Operations Ltd and Crytpologic Trading Ltd (jointly trading as VIP Casino), are limited liability companies registered in Malta, a member of the EU since May 2004, which operates under a licenses issued by the Malta Gaming Authority (license number LGA/CL1/868/2013; LGA/CL1/1003/2014 issue on the 16 April 2013 and 13 August 2014 respectively) and is also regulated by the said Authority. CryptoLogic Operations Limited and Crytologic Trading Limited operates Casino on the basis of an underlying software system licensed by Amaya (Malta) Limited under a license (License No. LGA/CL4/194/2004) issued by the Malta Gaming Authority and is also regulated by the Authority. Our services are not available to residents of the United States, Canada, Cyprus, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Denmark, Estonia, Greece, France, Bangladesh, Belgium, Bulgaria, Ukraine, US Virgin Islands or US Minor Outlying Areas, Turkey, India, People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Macau, Israel, Mexico OR Vietnam. Registered address of Cryptologic Operations Limited, Co. Reg. No. C39358 and Cryptologic Trading Limited, Co. Reg. No. C65368 are at, OFFICE 1/1457, LEVEL G, QUANTUM HOUSE, 75, ABATE RIGORD STREET, TA' XBIEX XBX 1120 Malta. Players from the UK will contract with Cryptologic Trading Ltd, which has a license with the British Gambling Commission, and thus operates in the United Kingdom with License Number 000-039293-R-319425-002 and as licensed and regulated operator by the said Commission.
Gambling may result in addiction. Gamble Aware
Customer Support:
support@vipcasino.com
We accept:
Quick links
Responsible Gaming
About Us
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security & Ethics
Affiliates
Sitemap
Copyright © 2013 VIP Casino
Welcome to VIP Casino - The Ultimate Cash Reward Casino
Established in 1999, VIP Casino has continuously built on its professional and trustworthy reputation. Today, both new and existing players enjoy winning our staggering jackpots and benefiting from the consistent financial rewards given for their loyalty!
Start enjoying over 180 of the best online casino games around in a matter of minutes! You'll get it all with various versions of Blackjack, Roulette and Video Poker, as well as an incredible selection of both Classic and Video Slots. A bunch of our slot games have great Bonus Rounds, not to mention stunning Rapid Fire Jackpot and Progressive Jackpot Slots, so why not give them a try today!
With high payouts, high bet limits and high rewards - why not check out the Ultimate Cash Reward Casino today and see how you can benefit!
×