https://www.vtbanker.com
Vermont Bankers Association - Home
Home
About Us
Staff
Executive Council
Directions
Committee Organization
VBA Committees
Events and Education
Webinars
Banking Schools
Northern New England School of Banking
About the School
Applications, Dates and Program Outline
New England School for Financial Studies
Events Calendar
Upcoming Events
Products and Services
Members
Bank Members
Associate Members
Government Relations
Consumer Resources
The Vermont Bankers Association, Inc. (VBA) was established in 1909. It's purpose is to promote the general welfare and usefulness of banking institutions and discussions of subjects of importance to the banking and commercial interests of the State of Vermont.
2015 OUTSTANDING COMMUNITY SERVICE BANKER AWARD
David S. Silverman, Union Bank
Montpelier, Vermont. . .Vermont Bankers Association, Inc. President Christopher D’Elia announced David S. Silverman, President of Union Bank in Morrisville is the recipient of the 2015 Outstanding Community Service Banker Award. Mr. Silverman received the award during the VBA’s Annual Conference earlier in September.
Each year the VBA honors one of its own for their commitment of service to the community – to one who exemplifies the real and tangible dedication so many bankers have for the communities in which they live. This was the 31st anniversary of this award being presented to a deserving individual from the Vermont banking community.
The management team at Union Bank nominated Mr. Silverman for this award. Mr. Silverman graduated from Johnson State College with a B.A. in Business Management. His entire banking career has been with Union Bank starting in 1986 as a management trainee. He has served in many positions within the bank’s structure and was named President in 2011 and President/CEO of Union Bankshares, Inc. in 2012.
Mr. Silverman has served as Electric Department Commissioner for the Town of Hardwick, board member with Lamoille County Mental Health, Treasurer and Executive Committee member with the Stowe Area Association, many capacities with Community Health Services of Lamoille Valley including Board Chair and interim Executive Director. Currently he serves as President of the Lamoille Economic Development Corporation and is on the Board of Directors of Copley Hospital. He is immediate Past Chairman of the Vermont Bankers Association and serves on the Executive Council for the non-profit organization.
Upcoming Events
Feb 4
Tri-State Mortgage Conference
February
4 to
5, 2016
More information...
May12
CFO Conference
May 12, 2016
More information...
May12
CEO and Senior Management Conference
May 12 to 13, 2016
More information...
Forgot your password?
Website Designed and Hosted by NEIS Co.
Vermont Bankers Association, Inc.
89 Main Street, Third Floor Montpelier, Vermont 05601-0587 802.229.0341 • vtbanker@sover.net
© Copyright 2004-2016Vermont Bankers Association, Inc.