https://www.wabankers.com
Washington Bankers Association
Search
Advocacy
Washington State Issues (M)
Federal Issues
WashBankPAC
Events (M)
Calendar
Full Listing
Search
Membership
Benefits
Career Center
Get Involved (M)
Manage Resources (M)
Sponsorship Opportunities
Member Directory
Membership Application
Special Member Directory
Home
About WBA
Staff
Board of Directors
Contact Us
Local Information
Support
Professional Development
Executive Development Program
Small Business Banker Development Program
Retail Branch Manager Development Program
Management Development Program
Commercial Lending Development Program
Credit Analyst Development Program
Training & Certificate Programs
Resources
Conferences & Convention
Conferences
Convention
Sponsor/Vendor Opportunities
PROS Endorsed Vendors
Harland Clarke
Office Depot
Communications
Submissions
WBA Members (M)
BankWire Archive
Consumers
News
Bankers Care
Fraud Prevention
Bank Robbery Hotline
Crime Stoppers
Thumbprint Signature Program
Financial Exploitation/Elder Abuse
Username:
Password:
Forgot your password?
ABA Online Courses
ABA online courses can be the cornerstone of a successful career. WBA offers the full complement of ABA instructor-led online courses. Start your diploma today! Learn More.
Basic Personal & Business Tax Return Analysis
Attend this proactive seminar and gain an understanding of the often complex and confusing topic of taxes. More information and registration here.
IRA Three-Day School
This three-day, in-depth IRA school will cover everything a banking professional needs to know about Individual Retirement Accounts. Learn more and register here.
The Generational Institute
Today’s community banks compete in the shadow of an ever-expanding digital environment. Are you capturing the multi-generational market? Learn more here.
Association Highlights
WBA Presents: The Directors Education Series
The responsibility and liability of the Bank Director is ever increasing. It is critical your Directors stay current with the training to help them through the complexities of today's banking environment. The Directors Education Series is a monthly release of training modules focused on the role and expectations of the Bank Director's conduct, duties and liabilities. These programs have been authored by a group of highly recognized, respected industry experts. Your subscription to this series will assist you with the responsibility you have to educate those who serve on your Board. To learn more, click here.
Cybersecurity Certification Programs
The Washington Bankers Association is excited to announce a new educational partnership with Secure Banking Solutions and the SBS Institute certification programs. Properly trained banking professionals will improve the security around customer data and other sensitive information entrusted to them. The certification communicates to management, the board, stakeholders, and examiners, that a professional can perform the necessary functions to manage and reduce risk to the bank. Learn more about the certfications offered here.
We've Moved - At No Cost to You
WBA moved ten floors up in our current building, due to a request from our building's management. Our new suite has a larger classroom space and a better overall configuration, and it didn't cost our membership a dime! Just one more way WBA strives to deliver the best value to our members in every way possible. Effective December 7, 2015, our new address is: 1601 Fifth Ave | Suite 2150 | Seattle, WA 98101
Bankers Care
Upcoming Education Opportunities
Jan 11
ABA Consumer Lending
Online
Jan 12
HMDA Review & Update
Online
Jan 13
Planning for Success in the New Year
Online
Jan 15
Loan Review
Online
Jan 19
Step-By-Step Guidance to Real Estate Loans
Online
View All Events
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Staff Access
Copyright © 2016 WBA. All rights reserved.
Powered by MemberMax™ - Membership Software