https://www.walworthbank.com
Walworth State Bank
Consumer Alerts
News and Updates
Locations
Click on Menu
menu
Home
About
General Information
Employment Opportunities
Locations
News and Updates
President’s Message
Privacy and Security
Personal
Available Services
Current Rates
Deposit Center
Online Banking
eStatements
Online Bill Pay
Mobile Banking
Business
Business Services
Business Checking & Savings
Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Home Equity Loans
Mortgage Loans
Apply for a Mortgage
Check Rates
Mortgage Loan Officers
Personal Loans
Resources
ATM Locator
Bank-Owned Real Estate
Calculators
Credit Report
Reorder Checks
Security
ATM/Check Card Security
Consumer Alerts
Privacy and Security
Switch Kit
Contact Us
Online Banking Login
LOGIN
Forgot Password  |  First Time User  |  Features
Online Banking
Forgot Password
First Time User  |  Features
Ready to Buy a Home?
Start here.
Use our new Mortgage Center to learn,
plan and apply for a mortgage online.
Learn More
We’d like to get to know you…on Facebook
Follow Us
Serving Walworth County Since 1903
Stop by one of our locations to see why we were voted best bank in Walworth County 3 years in a row!
Locations
Go Green!     Start here. Ask a Personal Banker about            eStatements today.
Learn More
Mortgage Loans
Business Solutions
Deposit Products
Contact Us
Make your dreams come true
Walworth State Bank offers a variety of loans to meet all your mortgage needs. Whether it be a purchase, refinance, or
construction loan, Walworth State Bank is committed to lending our support.
LEARN MORE
Business Solutions
When it comes to a checking or savings account or a business loan for buying a building, new equipment,
we’re ready to help. With our business accounts, flexible lines of credit, and competitive term loans, we can provide you with the resources you need to help you make the most of every opportunity.
LEARN MORE
Checking and Savings
Our full service checking accounts have been designed to meet your needs. Whether you want a free checking account, or one that earns a competitive interest rate, we’ve got an account that’s right for you.
LEARN MORE
Contact Us!
E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes personal information such as your account numbers, credit card number or social security number, you may want to call us, send it through the U.S. Post Office, or use our Secure Contact Us Form.
Contact Us
Walworth State Bank is your local, community bank!
Walworth State Bank continues to be locally owned and managed for over 110 years!  Serving Walworth, Delavan, Williams Bay, Elkhorn, and the surrounding areas and making sure your deposits go back into the communities from which they came.
Keep up to date with upcoming community events and important news on our News and Updates Page or Follow us on Facebook!
Money Markets
The Walworth State Bank’s Money Market Accounts have competitive interest rates and convenient access.
LEARN MORE
Online Banking Services
Be sure to learn about our Online Banking Services. Find out how to manage your money on the go.
LEARN MORE
Apply for a Car Loan
With a pre-approved auto loan from Walworth State Bank, buying the new or used vehicle you want can be quick and easy.
LEARN MORE
Looking for a Mortgage?
Walworth State Bank offers a variety of loans to meet all your mortgage needs. We are
committed to lending our support.
LEARN MORE
Privacy and Security
Disclosures
©2014 Walworth State Bank
Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender		Powered By BankSITE®