https://www.welovebeauty.com
Websponsors — Premium Online Advertising and Lead Generation
Websponsors
Publisher Login
Login Information
Username
Password
Not a member? Register Now
Forgot your password?
Login
Remember me
Advertisers
Publishers
Agency
List Management
This website requires Javascript.
Please enable it in your browser and Refresh.
This website requires cookies.
Please enable cookies in your browser and Refresh.
This website is temporarily unavailable.
Please try again later.
Lead Generation
Websponsors is the best-in-breed lead generation platform. The network is the preeminent marketplace for
direct marketing advertisers and publishers offering:
Top
quality results
Superior account services
Innovative technologies
AdvertisersAdvertisers will find unmatched efficiency and scale with the
Websponsors' network, with turnkey distribution across hundreds of high
quality content websites. Our lead generation technology provides
qualified data capture in a 100% controlled environment, which
translates to brand control and results driven performance. Advertisers
can leverage the response-based network to drive registrations,
sweepstakes and online sales. Utilizing a variety of pre-approved direct
response mediums, network publishers can guide targeted consumers to an
advertiser's website or a branded lead capture form hosted by
Websponsors.
PublishersWebsponsors' network provides its publishers with the campaigns,
payouts, tools and support to maximize yields on their websites and
e-mail lists. The breadth of campaigns and formats available through
this extensive network translates to multiple earning opportunities -
with the efficiency and innovation only provided by Websponsors. We have
new campaigns going live daily with a consistent mix of high yield
brand and direct response advertisers. Through the best-in-breed
interface, publishers can access co-registration, cost-per-action,
promotional and cost-per-sale offers with ease.
Solutions
Start your next campaign by logging in above, or contact us today to learn more about how Websponsors network can work for you.
Top Clients
Disney
Philip Morris
GameFly
Contact Us
TEL
717.346.3600
EMAIL
publishers@websponsors.com
News
Privacy Policy | Copyright 2011 -
Websponsors. All rights reserved.
Home | News | Advertisers | Publishers | Agency | List Management
Close