https://www.wmfo.org
91.5 wmfo
now playing
WMFO Design Contest! Deadline: November 20th, 2015
0
Posted: November 4th, 2015 | Author: NewMedia | Filed under: Blog
Hey everyone! WMFO is pleased to announce its first ever DESIGN CONTEST! The rules (and prizes, including two tickets to Deerhunter at the Royale on December 10th) are as follows:
You can submit as many designs as you want, as long as they’re in by the deadline of November 20th at 11:59pm! Please email those designs to publicity@wmfo.org.
Your design MUST feature “WMFO” and can optionally also feature 91.5fm or wmfo.org. We prefer front-only designs, but if you want to do a back too, that’s a-okay! The image size should be large enough that we can put it on a tshirt and it won’t be distorted; ideally it should be an Illustrator file, but we accept all other kinds of files as long as they’re big and clear.
THE PRIZES:
The winner’s design will be used on a large run of tshirts and potentially other station promotional material, and they will receive:
TWO tickets to Deerhunter at the Royale December 10th
By Winter Break, a tshirt with your design on it, and one of anything else we use your design for!
WMFO Bag o’ Swag, including a WMFO tote bag, mug, bottle opener keychain, pens, and a shotglass
The runner up’s design will be used on a limited run of tshirts, and they will receive:
By Winter Break, a tshirt with your design on it!
WMFO Bag o’ Swag, including a WMFO tote bag, mug, bottle opener keychain, pens, and a shotglass
Winners will be chosen by the WMFO Executive Board and notified by Thanksgiving Day.
By submitting to this contest, you are giving us the rights to use your artwork on tshirts and potentially other promotional material for the station – if your design is not chosen, you retain all rights and ownership. If your design IS chosen, we will notify you of what exactly we will be producing with it.
Do YOU have Ghost?
0
Posted: August 12th, 2015 | Author: Piggy | Filed under: Blog
| Tags: ghost bc
I figured at least one post from me this summer was in order. Anyway, I’ve been really busy but not busy enough to listen to Ghost BC. This band has been around for a bit but I’ve only recently gotten around to taking the time to listen to them. I have to admit, I love their gimmick. They are fronted by a man in skeletal face paint and wearing a pope hat and his name is Papa Emeritus III, they’ve apparently burned through two others. He is fronting a band of “nameless ghouls” and they are just that nameless. There is a recent interview in Guitar world where the interview is with one of the two guitar players. You can read that here – INTERVIEW WITH NAMELESS GHOUL. Even more interesting is while the music is about Satan, its more from a theological standpoint and takes a different approach as opposed to Slayer or Venom or just about every Black Metal band on earth… What is more interesting is the sound/music this band puts out. Their imagery is one thing, their music is entirely different. There is a very retro sound from this band and not because of the guitar, the vocals are what is different. Unlike most metal bands, the vocals are clear and is some parts can be aggressive but all in all its something entirely different. I’ll leave you with their video and if you are interested, they play Boston in September. BTW points for the Walter White mask in the video. That is all for now.
UPCOMING “ON THE TOWN WITH MIKEY DEE’
0
Posted: August 12th, 2015 | Author: Mike Stewart | Filed under: Blog
Hi We are in the middle of summer and the weds nights are cool with great line ups coming this Summer and Fall….Aug 5 The Wait…8/17 FireKing [checkout their great c d “Doulble Trouble”] 8/19 Jennifer Greer Dignazio [ Her cd “HEY TIDE”]…8/26 Noah Maltzborger…9/2 Madam Bruja….9/16 Courtney Swain …9/23 Drunken Logic ….9/30…The Guiloteenages… 10/7 Emily Grogen Band…10/28 Sarah Blacker..please join us at 9 pm weds and check out our facebook page also and Keep rocking !
LIVE AT SALLY O’BRIAN’S AUG 21 THE BRIGANDS
0
Posted: August 12th, 2015 | Author: Mike Stewart | Filed under: Blog
After a great benifit for the Wounded Wariors at the spotlight july 17 w/ gary shane..corolla deville…flying a’s…and pop gun THE BRIGANDS with be at sally o’brian’s with TRICK WALLACE TRIO and DOUG MAC DONALD BAND ….music starts around 8 pm
Older
Login |
Register |
Contact Us |					Phone 617-627-3800/508-507-WMFO
close this window
listennow
Web
iTunes
Windows Media
WMFO Schedule
back
close this window