https://www.woofactor.com
Woo Factor
Too Much Chocolate Makes You Barf
Celebrity gossip juicy celebrity rumors Hollywood gossip blog from Perez Hilton | 2949 days ago
If you weren’t sick of her already….
Rachael Ray has renewed her deal with the Food Network.
She will continue to produce her 30 Minute Meals and also host a new show, Rachael
Sister of Detroit Lion Kevin Jones, Tomi Jones, to Star in The Benvenuti Family
Tipster D Turner writes:
Detroit Lion’s running back, Kevin Jones’, (who scored a touch down Sunday, his first game back since he injured his foot-by the way) sister, Tomi Jones, is starring in the new TV series The Benvenuti Family.
Tomi plays the role of “Samantha Rhoades,” one of the mafia princesses best friend.
The Jones’ family may “run” with this show for quite some time, since they are part owners so-to-speak.
The premiere pilot presentation will be filmed the first week of December in studios in Los Angeles California.
Thanks D!
MARTHA ROSS CRUSHES JONATHAN WITH HER SCATHING COMMENTS
Martha Ross, mother of chat show host Jonathan has a tendency to bring her son down to earth with her crushing comments. Asked if she liked his appearance in tight Lycra shorts last year, Martha tells Closer magazine: “I expect he thought he looked like James Bond when he was wearing them. Jonathan has a great sense of humour but his kids tell him to ‘get real’ all the time.” She also reveals her son likes tight black leather trousers and that Tom Jones once borrowed his purple suit to sing on his show.
[via Stuart Higgins]
WHAT A NANNY STATE!
Granny Isobel Varley has had her body covered in £25.000 worth of tattoos.
She has spent more than 600 hours under the needle since she became hooked on tattoos in 1998.
Isobel, 69 has now earned world recognition as the ‘most tattooed senior woman” with only five per cent of her skin, including her face free from tattoos.
“People stop me in the street to tell me what lovely tights I’m wearing, not realising it’s my tattoos,” Isobel, from Stevenage, Herts tells Closer magazine
“I pose in a bra and a miniskirt. But I’ve even done nude erotic shows too – I’m not shy!
Her first tattoo cost her just £10 and took two hours. She adds: “I’ve been addicted ever since. I don’t like the pain bit I love the result.”
[via Stuart Higgins]
KERRY KATONA VOWS NEVER TO FORGIVE HER MUM
Bitter Kerry Katona has pledged never to let her estranged mother back into her life.
Katona, 26 has cut off all contact with mum Sue, 47 since she branded Kerry an ‘unfit mother’ and a ‘coke head.’
Kerry tells Closer magazine: “My mum is a coke addicts and she drinks every day. There’s no way I could let my little girls go around to her house and put them at risk like that.
“But people think I’m cruel for keeping them away from their nan. I just can’t win.
“My mum’s not a well woman but that doesn’t excuse her for betraying her own daughter.
I miss her so much.
“But she’s never been a real mum to me . I’ve always had to buy her love. I bought her a house, provided for her and tried to be a good daughter.
“She repaid me by selling stories to buy more drugs and drink. Now I have to remove her , like other bad influences from my life.”
Read the full story in the April 12th issue of Closer!
[via Stuart Higgins]
HEATHER MILLS HAD HER EYE ON MICK JAGGER BEFORE MARRYING PAUL McCARTNEY
HEATHER Mills had her eye on Rolling Stone front man Mick Jagger before she married Paul McCartney, her former brother in law claims.
Denys Karma says Jagger had a lucky escape from Heather after she made a beeline for him when he visited a London club where he and Heather worked.
Denys, 43, whose brother Alfie married Heather in 1989 tells Closer magazine: “The other girls in Bananas club just thought he was old and wrinkly but Heather had her eyes peeled for a rich, influential man even then
“But he wasn’t remotely interested. She was only about 16 and got the job because she dated the owner, who was in his late 70’s.”
Denys added: “She was very flirtatious and refused to wear her uniform. Instead she wore a crop top and miniskirt with white stilettos.”
His sister, Dianna, 49 added: “She’s a fantasist and makes up lies as a form of escape then starts to believe them. I feel sorry for Sir Paul. He was vulnerable after his wife Linda’s death.
Amazingly, Denys reveals that it wasn’t only Sir Mick Jagger who escaped her clutches and that HE had a one night stand with Heather BEFORE she met his brother.
“I dodged a bullet there, “ he says. “It was a one-off thing but she was very forward. “ He later introduced Heather to his brother Alfie, now 49.
“Alfie was getting divorced, so we naively thought she’d cheer him up. All she had with her was leather clubbing gear – no day clothes,” recalls Dianna. “Alfie hated her working in Bananas so said he’ make her a model. He paid for her boob job, a nose job and liposuction all over her body.
“She’d lie about everything from qualifications to why she was late. Alfie spent hundreds of thousands of pounds on her. He even opened a model agency for her. But she couldn’t be bothered to work.”
[via Stuart Higgins]
Nell McAndrew’s Post-Natal Depression Hell
Gorgeous Nell McAndrew has revealed that she suffered from post-natal depression after the birth of her baby son.
She tells Closer magazine: “For six and half months after having Devon, not a day went by where I wasn’t in tears. It became normal to cry.
“The smallest thing would set me off. There were days when I couldn’t face leaving the house and I’d slob around in my tracksuit. I tried to carry on as normal but I didn’t feel human – I was physically and mentally exhausted.
“I finally confided in my mum that I was feeling really down. She told me that she’d suffered from post-natal depression too and she recognised all my symptoms.
“I hadn’t taken any time to adjust to being a mum and was trying to juggle motherhood with work. Realising I wasn’t superwoman helped me start to feel better.”
Nell also admits that her depression took its toll on her two and half year marriage to property developer Paul Hardcastle. “I was snappy and grumpy. It definitely put a strain on our relationship and sex life. But luckily Paul knew I wasn’t being myself.”
She says her condition eased when she started running again. “I hadn’t had any ‘me’ time since giving birth and it really helped. I soon felt like my old self,” she said.
Now, Nell is in training for the London Marathon later this month – the third time she has run in the race – and this time she will run alongside her mum, Nancy, who is 54.
[via Stuart Higgins]
Next Page »
Copyright © 2015 Woo Factor. All rights reserved.
Privacy | Terms / Disclaimer | About | Contact Us