https://www.101nights.com
101Nights | Seductions
Laura Corn
101 Nights
101 Nights Book
101 Nights App
About
Hot Reviews
Experts Corner
Seduction Wall
Seduction Store
eTeases
For Her
For Him
Think you're ready to get
Playful?
A great night of sex can start right now.
About the app
You don't have to stop... keep going
It’s all about the Seduction
And 101 Nights is the world’s most seductive app for couples
Based on the award-winning New York Times bestselling book 101 Nights of Great Sex, 101 Nights is a private, sexy, and secure app for lovers ready to explore new worlds of passion + fantasy together. Its the ultimate seduction toolkit for two, discretely on your smartphones.
Inside is everything you two need to plan a full year of daring, jaw-dropping sex, from complete seductions, to teasing little sexts to get your partners mind racing. If you’re ready to heat up your relationship, and push the naughty envelope – download 101 Nights today!
Coming Soon
About the app
"This is not just another sex book. 101 Nights of Grrreat Sex uses ‘secret sealed seductions’ with special instructions for a love task or favor that each partner tears out and completes for one another. Sounds simple but the anticipation and mystery makes even the smallest gestures pretty thrilling."
Gwyneth Paltrow
Goop.com
"She’s so good on the air, people call for weeks after she’s left the building."
Ryan Seacrest
"No one knows more about the art of seduction than Laura Corn."
Barbara Walters
The View
"This is oodles of fun… 101 Nights of Great Sex guarantees discovery, innovation and debate – when your sex life’s worth chatting about you know you’re making progress."
Good Housekeeping
"“As an OB/GYN and blogger, 101 Nights is one of my most frequently recommended books. I prescribe it to patients suffering from decreased libido, recommend it to mentoring clients seeking more pleasure, and blog about it as a way to explore the true desires of your authentic sensual self. Plus, (don’t tell my mother!), my own copy of 101 Nights is well loved, tattered, and torn up. My husband thanks..."
Lissa Rankin, MD OB/GYN
OwningPink.com
101 Nights of Great SexSealed Secrets. Anticipation. Seduction.
101 Nights of Great Sex E-BookTake a little seduction with you
Experience the full seduction store
Sealed Secrets. Anticipation. Seduction.
Seduction Store
Seduction Starts Here
Post your deepest desires or read secret fantasies
Seduction Wall
Sexy Secrets. Great Ideas.
Imagine Being Seduced
Imagine… knowing your partner is planning a seduction, just for you.
Imagine… the aching anticipation as you wait for your sexy surprise.
Imagine… being teased with with clues + hints, all week long.
Imagine… taking your sex life from “whatever” to white hot.
It’s all part of the 101 Nights experience.
Come and play.
Laura Corn
Laura Corn is the author of nine bestselling titles, with over four million books sold. Her fans include Britney Spears, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Heather Locklear, who raved about her on Late Night with David Letterman. The girls from The View have even given her book as a gift to their celebrity guests!
New York Times
Best Selling Author
Meet Laura
Sign up now for the 101 Nights newsletter - a selection of fresh & flirty tips, slipping into your inbox twice a month.
subscribe
Contact form 7 Mailchimp extension by Renzo Johnson - Web Developer - Orlando Front end Developer - Full Stack Developer - MailChimp for Wordress
Let's get social
Let's Go somewhere
101 Nights App
101 Nights Book
Seduction Store
Experts Corner
Hot Reviews
About
Seduction Wall
Terms and Services
eTeases
Contact
Copyright 2015 Laura Corn - 101nights.com