https://www.10eight.tumblr.com
TenEight
Home
Ask me anything
Submit
Archive
Mobile
RSS
TenEight
Photo
October 20, 2015
172 notes
“Jesus, Dad!” I jeered as he turned to step back in the truck after filling up.He laughed and swatted his cock upwards, making the stiff side pipe he was throwing bounce a little in his shorts. And with a grunt, he sat back down in the driver’s seat. “I dunno what it is,” he said, “the smell of diesel or freeballing…but it’s got me hard as a rock today!”I couldn’t help but chuckle at his response. He put the truck in drive and started to pull out of the gas station. “I guess you don’t care if people see that monster poking out like that?” I asked him.“Fuck no,” he said, “I kind of like it when folks notice it, gets me even hornier. I mean shit, it’s a nice piece.”I laughed at him again and adjusted my own crotch, “Maybe I can take care of it once we get to the hotel.”“Oh yeah?” he said, smiling, “well how about now, sport?”“Right now?” I asked. He grabbed my wrist and moved my hand to his thick and meaty cock, “yeah bud, a little road-head never hurt anyone.”
Tags: caption dad son
Photo
October 16, 2015
304 notes
“You serious?”“Yeah,” I said, nodding, “he blew me right there in the bathroom.”“Shit…no wonder you went missin’ for so long,” he said and scratched his hand through his beard, “never would’a expected that from him”“No shit,” I said and looked over, “team captain is a cocksucker…no one could’ve saw that one comin’, just being drunk I guess.”We sat there a few minutes on the back stoop, still a little hungover, my brother lighting up a smoke.He broke the silence eventually, “So, did you…”“Did I what?” I asked and paused, “cum?”“Well…” he started.I cut him off before he could finish, “Yeah I mean it was a pretty good blow job, I guess, and I was horny as fuck,” I said and laughed.He shook his head slightly in response, “no, I mean…did you, do it back?”His question caught me off guard for some reason. My face flushed and I stumbled over my words, “I…you know, yeah. I guess I was drunk too, shit, I didn’t think about it.”He grinned as he blew out a puff of smoke, “d’you like it?”I nodded slowly in response, “yeah,” and felt suddenly brazen, “wanna see how it feels?”He took a few minutes and thought it over, the ash growing at the end of his cigarette. He smiled and shifted his position, turning to me somewhat, and rested one arm on his knee, “you really want to do that?”I smiled and shrugged at him. “Might be fun,” I said, and tapped his knee with mine.“Fuck,” he partially whispered, shaking his head, and lowered his leg while his hand adjusted his junk.I took that as my invitation, whether it was or not, and put my hand on his hairy thigh, rubbing it up under his shorts. No underwear. He looked at me intently as leaned back and propped himself up on one arm.I pushed myself up off the concrete slab and bent down on my knees in between his legs. I knew after kneeling down that the rough concrete was going to leave a mark, but, fuck it. So I reached down and grabbed his package, feeling his already chubbed-up dick underneath the thin jersey shorts. Pulling the shorts down at the top, I fished out my brothers cock and two egg sized balls.“Holy hell dude,” I said grabbing at his package.He didn’t say anything back. Just raised his eyebrows and nodded down.I licked at his head first and began to suck in the semi-hard dick in front of me. His crotch still smelled musky as my nose buried into his full bush. I brought my mouth up slowly and he looked down at me, both hands behind his back now, and the very last of his cigarette hanging between his lips. “Suck my balls,” he said, and flicked the butt off in the yard.Lapping my tongue down his fat, hairy shaft, I kissed and licked his nut sac. Tasting the saltiness as I did, I sucked one of his cum filled nuts in my mouth and rolled it around before switching to the other. He moaned as I worked over his balls and then licked down underneath his sack, tasting the sweatiness and sinking my face into his groin. His hips bucked up, “Goddamn,” he growled, “get back on my dick.”I licked my way back up the other side of his shaft, and started sucking down as far as I could. One meaty hand was followed by another on top of my head pushing me down. The force made me gag, my spit running down the side of his cock. I fumbled at his now spit coated balls with one hand and put the other on his back, slick with sweat and causing his tank to stick to his skin.He was drawing closer as he thrust up into my throat, his muscular hands still pushing my head down. As he started to moan and growl I knew he’d be shooting. Soon after I felt a torrent of cum blast against the back of my throat and into my mouth. Trying to swallow as much as I could, some of his cum and my spit ran down the side of his cock.“Holy fuck bro!” he yelped as he finished and laid his back down onto the stoop. I drew my mouth off his spent cock with a loud gasp, and slurped up the mix of cum and saliva that I had missed, cleaning every last drop that had spilled onto his bush.After I cleaned him up with my tongue I got up and sat back down. He was panting still panting when he sat back up. His forearm glistened as he lifted it up to wipe the larger beads of sweat off his forehead, taking his cap off and running his hand through his hair.“Goddamn, Josh,” he said laughing and looked over to me, slapping me on the shoulder, “that was fucking awesome. Wish’d I’d known about it sooner.”As I wiped off my own sweat and the remnants of spit and cum around my mouth I said back to him, “yeah, me too.”(Source: hairyonholiday, via beardedwhiskeycountry)
Tags: brothers cum cocksucking sweat caption story blowjob
Photo
October 16, 2015
482 notes
“Alright Mark, you’re in the middle,” they said to me and I started to bend down onto my knees into the damp, wet leaves.It was our once-a-month father’s weekend camping trip…and this weekend, it was my turn to be the cum-dump.John must have felt the need to get me ready, and grabbing his plumped up cock, just as I knelt down, let out a heavy stream of piss that smacked against my chest and ran down my torso.“Oh fuck,” I said, caught off guard and not totally ready. Not wanting to waste it, I dipped my head down and caught some of his steaming piss in my mouth, spitting it back up at him. “Fuuuck yeah,” I heard the guys snarl, almost in unison, as another grabbed the back of my head and thrust my face into his crotch.
He spit onto his cock as he rammed my face against his stiffness, some of it dripping onto my lips, “time to get to work bud.”
(Source: charger1222, via redneck417-deactivated20151106)
Tags: dads fathers cum piss caption
Photo
October 16, 2015
102 notes
I had just finished on the bench press and sat up to take a rest. I must have spaced out and my eyes were fixed on the guy doing squats a few feet away from me.“You like something you see man?” he barked at me catching my eye in the mirror.“Oh…nah man,” I said shaking my head, “just resting…sorry.”He dropped his weights and walked over towards me, his cock clearly bulging in his jock.“Think you’d like to see it?” he asked quietly and tugged at his growing bulge.
“Uhhh…” I, mumbled and looked up at him, his thighs and crotch level with my face. “Yeah,” I said under my breath, “let’s hit the showers.”
(Source: rowdymike, via aguywholikesguys)
Tags: gym caption
Photo
October 10, 2015
117 notes
He was ahead of me a few paces as we walked down towards the river. He stopped just before we got there, turning back to me and asking plainly with eyebrows raised, “think it’ll be cold?”I shrugged, “a little.”I smelled his mustiness as I walked behind him again, a day and a half without a shower, his jeans still smelled like the campfire from last night. His thighs flexing and filling the fabric as he stepped over the log back through the remaining brush. “After you, bud,” I told him.His back was slightly turned towards me as he kicked off his shoes and slid the jeans over his burly ass. I did the same and we started to wade into the water. “Holy fuuuck,” he stammered with a laugh, then let out a yelp that echoed through the trees.“Yeah no shit,” I mumbled back as the cool water reached my waist. I decided to go ahead and dunk all the way under. My heart raced as the chilled mountain water was a shock against my skin. When I came up Jarrod was still standing there, not having gone under yet. Naturally, I dipped my arms into the water and swung them forward, sending a huge splash over him.He yelled and lunged forward, laughing, to send a wave back my way. After we wrestled around for a few minutes there in the water he twisted and placed his back at my chest. “Damn this is nice, isn’t it?” he asked.“Couldn’t be better. Just wish fall break was longer.”“Yea, right?” he said and nodded his head, “so much to get done when we get back.”“You can handle it…the guys love you” I said, my hands rubbing his shoulders, “you’re the best assistant football coach I’ve ever hired.”He turned his head slightly to look back at me, joking, “because I’m good at my job or because I put out?”My left arm swung around to the front of his chest and I pulled him into me, growling in his ear “because of both.” I kissed him then, the scratchiness of his stubble rubbing up against mine, my tongue slicking across his and sliding into his mouth. I reached down with my right hand just below the water and wrapped my fingers around his already stiff cock. It filled my hand as I began to jerk him and he began to grind his beefy ass into my crotch. My dick hardened quickly. His hands spread those tender cheeks slightly and I jabbed my cock until it found his hole. Slowly, but evenly, and with one long deliberate thrust my shaft sank into that impossibly tight, slick hole. He grunted deeply when I entered him and pushed it to the hilt.“Fuck,” he groaned, and leaned forward at the waist slightly. The water lapped and gurgled between us as I thrusted and the wet matted hair on my torso grated on his lower back.He pushed his ass backwards as I thrust into him, forcing my cock in as deep as possible, each grunt he let out seemed more desperate than the last. As I got closer my arm across his chest grew tighter, squeezing the brawny muscles and pulling his back into me. I stroked his cock firmly, my hand pounding harder against his manhood as I drew near. As I came, I kissed and bit as his thick traps and exhaled on to his skin. My juice flowed into him in waves, inundating his ass with the warmth of my cum. I left my still hard cock inside him and I felt his shaft begin to throb. I jerked roughly as the base of his cock pulsed, his balls drew up. His load shot into the water, a rush of cum mixing and floating with the stream.
“Goddamn,” he whimpered, as his knees buckled and he slumped into me, his hands rubbing my thighs. My arms supported his weight and my hands rubbed across his powerful chest and pulled at his hairs. A shiver radiated through him as my cock slowly slipped out. He laughed warmly, his skin covered in goosebumps, and sunlight reflected off the beads of water and sweat. I leaned my head down slowly to the back of his, my nose nuzzled into his hair, inhaling his scent.The water felt more brisk now. As we gripped each other firmly I kissed the nape of his neck, “don’t worry, we’ll make the most of our last night out here.”
Tags: story caption coach country camping nature fuck
Photo
October 09, 2015
1,779 notes
“You can’t keep doing shit like this Jake,” I said, as I poured out the forty of Bud Light, “what if it hadn’ta been me that stopped you?”“I dunno,” he answered and looked away.I retorted back louder and deeper, “What do you mean you don’t know?!”“Dude, I don’t know, I’d probably be sitting in the back of a cop car by now and…” he rambled on petulantly shaking his head.“Did you just call me DUDE?” I spat back.“Du…no…DAD,” he stressed, “shit…I’m sorry sir.”“Your mom would fucking flip if you got in trouble for this shit, son. And how do you think I’d look at work?”He didn’t say anything back. Just looked down slightly, taking a deep breath in and exhaling forcefully. He kicked the dirt around a little with his Red Wing boots, sending up a puff of dust that blew back onto his jeans. Sliding his hand part way into his pockets, he looked up at me sternly. I crushed the can when it was empty and tossed it, clanking, into his truck bed.I walked up to him, my arms folded across my chest, “What were you thinking anyway?” His head snapped up, sighing, “I wasn’t. I don’t know, I was just going to meet the guys. I should have waited to open it, I’m sorry dad.”I was closer now and and put one hand on his shoulder, the other on the back of his neck, giving a firm grip. “I just don’t want you to get in trouble son, that’s all,” I said to him.“I know, man I’m sorry,” he said. His breath still had the lingering scent of Copenhagen and the one swig of beer he was able to take. Damn’d if he didn’t look just like me when I was 19.“It’s all right, bud,” I said, and ruffled his hair a bit. “You’re still the hottest deputy in the county,” he said with a grin. I laughed, “So you’re trying to get out of trouble now?” He just raised his eyebrows and tilted his head in reply.I reached down to his jeans and grabbed the fullness of his package, feeling the heftiness, and heat, of his cock through his jeans. He grunted as I leaned in, my body weight pushing him against the cold tailgate. I bent my head down to kiss him, but bypassed his mouth and went straight to the side of his neck. His skin was salty and sweet and I licked up to his earlobe, making him moan, one hand reaching down just below his collar.I kissed him deeply, my tongue finding its way into his willing mouth. When I stopped I looked at him breathlessly, “You got some time, sport?”
“‘Course, dad,” he said, putting his hands on my lower back, pulling me closer and grinding my crotch to his, “I’ve always got time for you.” He brought his hands to the front of my duty belt and fumbled, “let’s get this undone first.”
(Source: floydnphx, via lostinporn7)
Tags: dad son caption story police country trucks
Photoset
October 06, 2015
2,925 notes
I couldn’t help it. How could I resist him?His tight, melon shaped ass bounced as he jogged back in from center field. He reached down to adjust his generous crotch before stepping in the dugout, his brawny forearms rippling as he gripped what I knew was a hefty bat sized cock. Taking off his cap, a bead of sweat started to roll down his temple and he lifted his arm to wipe it away on his sleeve, releasing the heady scent of his sweat. I watched closer as his powerful back heaved with every breath, exhausted after trying to prevent the Rangers from scoring yet another run.No, I couldn’t resist, I had no restraint. My cock was aching for another release. I quickly opened my fly and freed my shaft from my shorts, smacking with a loud thud up against me. Reaching down I pulled my balls out and gave them a good, firm, tug. I loaded my hand with spit and grasped my cock, squeezing and jerking slowly, watching this stud talk with the other players. My fingers roamed over the sensitive tip of my dickhead as my free hand yanked my nuts, demanding their release. I needed nothing more than his crotch in my face and to inhale the masculine scent of the sweat that covered his massive balls after such a long game.My jerking became more deliberate as my balls churned and my dick hardened. As this stud seemed to turn and look straight at me, and smile, I was caught off guard by the door swinging open. I scrambled and leaned forward to cover up, not knowing who it was that was bursting through.“Hey wha…….Dude! What is this the third time today?!”“You can’t fucking knock?! Goddammit you scared the shit out of me!” I yelled, and relaxed slightly, sitting back, my cock still in hand.“What is it this time?” my brother asked. Laughing, and walking towards me, he looked at the tv screen.“Ahh Mike Trout,” he said with emphasis, “he’s a damn fucking sexy one isn’t he?” he said, turning to me and giving me a teasing tap on the shoulder with the back of his hand. “I don’t blame you, he gets me hard every time, too.”He looked back at the screen and had a mischievous look on his face. He pawed at his groin, and grinned, “Care if I join you?”
(Source: sportsbysergio, via gaycadet)
Tags: caption story brother baseball jerking off
Photo
September 01, 2015
45 notes
“I know you’re just starting out, but if you’re gonna move back in you’ve got to pay us some kind of rent,” he said and corked the bottle of Scotch.“I’m not making enough yet, can’t you at least give me a year?” I pleaded.He took a swig of his drink with a raised eyebrow and replied, “You think you’re going to stay here for a YEAR?”I didn’t know what to say and just shrugged. I could barely repay student loans as it was, free rent at my parents was about the only way I could make it. At least that’s how I saw it.“Well,” my dad said, “I’ll tell you what.”He turned his back to me. The clink of his belt buckle unhinging was followed by him stepping out of his jeans and sitting down slowly on the leather couch behind him. He set a bottle of Glenlivet between his legs next to the massive, throbbing, cock that had made me twenty-two years ago.“What are you doing?!” I asked wide-eyed and apprehensively.He casually slid his hand down over his chest to the base of his husky shaft and said “You figure out a way to drink some of this Scotch and suck my dick at the same time and I’ll let you live here rent free…sound like a deal?”Holy fucking shit, I thought to myself. I was dumbfounded and couldn’t think of how to respond. Had he figured out that I messed around with guys in college? I grabbed the bottle, slowly, and brought it up, not able to make eye contact with my father. I poured a glass and sipped. Sinking down to my knees in front of him I reached my other hand out to grab his cock.It was heavy and warm and pulsed in my hand.“Suck it, don’t jerk it,” my father quietly scolded.I looked up at him and he nodded looking down, telling me to focus on his meat. Sitting there briefly, I took the glass of Scotch and poured it out over his cock, letting the liquid run down his shaft and pooling around his balls. I nervously set the glass down and put my tongue out and began licking that massive and praiseworthy cock before me. Slowly bringing my tongue up to his piss-slit I put my mouth over his head and started swallowing my father’s cock.
“That’s my boy, I knew you’d get it,” he said with a quiet moan.
Tags: caption story dad son
Photo
August 27, 2015
556 notes
“What the hell are you doing?” I asked as Egan was taping a new label onto an old Gatorade bottle.“Making my MAN bottle, that’s what.” He said and got up from his seat.“What the fuck is a man bottle?” I asked him.He stood in front of me and held it up, “For when I get horny, for my, you know…”I looked at him quizzically. This kid was as sexy as he could be. Smooth skin, tight body, and big package. But sometimes I didn’t think he was all there upstairs. More the young dumb and full of cum type. “What…the fuck…are you talking about?” I asked, frustratedly.“You know, for my…MAN juice,” he said to me with a little determination.“Are you freaking high Egan? What are you talking about ‘man juice,’ who even says that? And why do you need a bottle?”“Dude it’s for me to shoot my load in,” he said half under his breath ready for me to understand what he was saying, “and when I save up enough…I’m going to pour it into sarge’s body wash bottle, just to fuck with the bastard.”I broke out laughing. “Why the fuck would you do that?”“Cause sarge is a dick. And it’ll be funny. DUH,” he cockily shot back.“Yeah. Don’t you think all that jizz will just wash off in the shower anyways? It wouldn’t do anything,” I told him. “Oh,” was all he said with a confused look.Just thinking about Egan jerking off got my dick chubbing up. “Besides,” I said to him quietly, “I know a better place for you to shoot your load.” He raised an eyebrow and didn’t speak. Taking a look around and then right into his eyes I said “C’mon, lets hit the head and I’ll show you.”He looked a little unsure but followed anyways. Maybe he wasn’t the sharpest tack in the world, but his dick obviously knew what it wanted. He followed me slowly into the last stall as I sat down on the john. “Dude?” he whispered. I shrugged my shoulders and smiled at him.I placed my hand on his crotch. He gave me a little side eye, but had a slow growing smile on his face. With no objections I continued to rub his bulge and feel his cock harden. Undoing his cammies, I tugged them down to around his meaty, hair dusted thighs. His crotch was musty and sweet at the same time and his dick was straining to get out from under those boxers. Sticking my face into his manhood I mouthed around the fat outline of his cock and pulled his boxers down.He let out a quiet “fuck” as his meat slapped against my face and my lips. Taking his cock in my hand I put my mouth over his head and swirled my tongue around it. After a minute I slowly swallowed his thick seven inches to the hilt, letting it fill my throat and enjoying the heat his body was giving off. “God damn man,” he panted and pulled back slightly. I pulled partly off but left my lips partly around his head, “Good?” I whispered. “Fuck yeah,” he said and looked down at me.I swallowed his cock again and worked him over for a few minutes. Pulling off his cock I liked my way down his shaft to two full and heavy egg sized nuts. I sucked one of his sperm makers into my mouth and rolled it around, covering it in spit. I moved to the next nut and kept one hand on his ass, pulling him in as close as I could. His balls started to draw up and get tight as I was sucking on them and jerking his meat. I quickly let up and engulfed his cock.  His breathing quickened. As I kept his cock in my mouth he released streams of hot spunk. His load was thick and his spurts of cum heavy. The salty brew flooded my mouth and I guzzled it down and savored the taste.
He relaxed after he came and braced himself on the stall walls while I stood up and tugged at his cock and balls. Egan let out a long exhale and shook his head, smiling at me. I leaned in and brought our chests together, whispering in his ear “That was outstanding, Marine.”
(Source: policediver)
Tags: marine cock story blowjob
Photo
August 27, 2015
87 notes
We had been screwing around and acting like idiots for the past half hour, as soldiers are prone to do. But Starnes and Rogers headed out leaving me and my bunkmate Nick to ourselves.“Time me and let me see how many sit ups I can get in a minute,” he said.I shrugged and nodded in agreement. I watched as his abs flexed and relaxed, his shorts sliding down his thighs and revealing a little nut sack.“You keeping time right?” He stammered between sit ups, as I stared.“How about you sit all the way up and help me out with this,” I said and tugged down my shorts slightly to reveal the thick, hardening base of my cock.
Tags: caption cock army soldier
Next »
About
18+ NSFW.
Just a horny guy down in South Carolina jerking to the wonderful world of Tumblr and sharing in all the hotness. Love a good fuck story. Like dads and brothers, military and police, jocks and hairy men. Message me all you want guys, love to hear your feedback! Thanks for following!
Stuff I like
Photo via dogtagsnscallywagsPhoto via dogtagsnscallywags
Photo via okiefastball
truckerpig:
Thanks to follow http://truckerpig.tumblr.com
I love this pic. I want to...
Photo via okiefastball
Photo via a4f101
After-School Special
I knew he’d be home anyway, but seeing his truck in the driveway gave my...
Photo via a4f101
Photo via joes1026
Dev and Dad
When I got home he was slumped on the floor, against the
wall, wearing nothing but...
Photo via joes1026
Photo via a4f101
For Your Service
(A little something for Veterans’ Day…)
“He’s a damn fine Marine, Mr...
Photo via a4f101
People I follow
Powered by Tumblr. Minimal Theme designed by Artur Kim.