https://www.1121sexcrazyteens.tumblr.com
crazy teen sex
crazy teen sex NSFW // 18+ only!One of the only real 18 year old teen girls on tumblr and her 20 year old boyfriend who love to show their sex to all! We are a
long distance apart for a while at a time, so like to take lots of pictures and shag loads when together! We are one of the only teen couples on tumblr who post only their own content! We do take requests and love to get dirty messages from you all so please inbox us if you want to! Keep watching for much more hot teenage sex...
Submit
Ask me anything at all.
Archive
9 December 2015 Reblog
I’m so lucky to have a girlfriend who is only 18, tight and horny as heck. So lucky. Which is why I’ll always fuck her pussy as hard and often as I can.
6 December 2015 Reblog
Cute right? She looks so innocent like this, what a difference to how she looked at the end of the night ;)
6 December 2015 Reblog
Tell us what you want to see!
We love making our followers happy, and we want to know what you want to see on our blog! Please drop us a quick message and let us know what you’d like to see from us! Be realistic, we have to start somewhere, but give us ideas of what is hottest! Whether it’s more pics or her, or more of him, or more close ups of her pussy or his dick, more videos, more cum, anything! We love fucking and want to show you as much of it as possible ;)
So please do tell us what you’d like to see most and we will make it happen over the next few months ;)
5 December 2015 Reblog
We both love this position, it means I can get my dick so fucking deep inside her and slam into her so hard! Only problem is it makes her moan loud! Oh and squirt, she loves to squirt in this position, not that I’m complaining! I just wish she’d squirt her lovely pussy juices all over my face for me, but for now I’ll just carry on eating her out straight after so I can taste her ;) every time we fuck like this I think it’ll look great if I pull out and shoot my cum on her tits, but then she licks her legs around me and pulls me in close just forcing me to give her a big creampie!
Don’t forget you can always message us with any questions or requests ;)
4 December 2015 Reblog
We’d like to know if we have any other real couples with similar blogs following us- if you are one please reblog!
3 December 2015 Reblog
Look at all the cum! This is what happens when you’re a good girl ;)
3 December 2015 Reblog
Who’d like to see my big mouthful of cum after the blowjob I gave him this morning?
3 December 2015 Reblog
Here’s something from the summer (sorry not great quality)- we had been to a wedding one evening and got home drunk late that night, both horny as fuck. She couldn’t wait any longer so just pulled her dress up while we week in the kitchen. I obviously stuck my dick deep into her wet pussy and began fucking her, neither of us caring about everyone upstairs. We shagged so rough, her thong just pulled aside, me smashing her hard until I blew my hot load deep inside her tight teenage pussy hole. There’s no denying we both love spontaneous drunk sex!
1 December 2015 Reblog
You can now chat with us on tumblr with the new messaging update, don’t be shy! Say whatever is on your mind ;)
27 November 2015 Reblog
Now you can see just how much cock she takes in her 18 year old pussy…
23 November 2015 Reblog
New video! Sorry for not posting much in a while, reblog and like this and there’s more to come!
6 October 2015 Reblog
8 September 2015 Reblog
Anonymous asked: you're from southeast England right?
Yes we are :)
8 September 2015 Reblog
Practice Makes Perfect, which is why I’ll make sure my boyfriend and his huge dick satisfy my horny little pussy for the next 2 weeks! ;) we are gonna have sooooo much sex, rough, deep, hardcore sex! I’m so wet even thinking about it. So if you’re lucky, we will share it with you all ;) keep watching…
8 September 2015 Reblog
We love it when our followers send us filthy messages and ask questions ;) ask us anything! We love it.
Next