https://www.181.pornsites0703.indybay.org
San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center
About
Contact
Subscribe
Calendar
Publish
Print
Donate
Topics
animal lib
anti-war
arts + action
drug war
education
en español
environment
global justice
government
health/housing
immigrant
media
labor
lgbti / queer
police state
racial justice
womyn
More
make media
get involved
calendar
gallery
archives
chat
links
Donate
Help support grassroots independent media.
$78.00 donated in past month
IMC Network
Regional PagesCalendar Events
Wednesday Jan 13
6PM
Green Film Fest Presents: Just Eat It
Thursday Jan 14
12PM
Visions Into Infinite Archives: Film Screenings
Friday Jan 15
12PM
96 Hours of Direct Action Day 1 - Gentrification
Saturday Jan 16
10AM
SF Forum On The Danger Of Tasers
12PM
96 Hours of Direct Action Day 2 - Police-Terror...
Sunday Jan 17
12:15PM
96 Hours of Direct Action Day 3 - Police-Terror...
Monday Jan 18
11AM
2nd Annual March to Reclaim MLK's Radical Legacy
Tuesday Jan 19
1PM
We Stopped the Jail. Now We Need to Get Health...
6PM
Stop the Pedie Perez Killing Cover-Up!
Wednesday Jan 20
7:30PM
Laurence Shoup: Wall Street's Think Tank: The...
More Events...
West Coast IMCs: Portland, Santa Cruz, San Diego and L.A.
Seventh Anniversary Vigil Remembers Oscar Grant
Tue Jan
5 2016 (Updated 01/06/16)
Mother of Oscar Grant Calls for Peace and Unity to End Police Violence at Annual Vigil
On January 1, family and friends marked the seventh anniversary of the police murder of Oscar Grant at the Oakland BART station where his death sparked a justice movement that has caught fire nationally in recent years. About 125 people attended the afternoon vigil at Fruitvale BART Station to hear words from family, faith leaders and activists, and poetry and song in memory of Grant and Black youth lost to violence.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons page
Sacramento County Sheriffs Kill Adriene Ludd, Refuse to Release Dash-Cam Footage
Tue Jan
5 2016 (Updated 01/06/16)
ACLU Joins Black Lives Matter in Calling for Transparency after Shooting of Adriene Ludd
On October 22, Sacramento County sheriff’s deputies shot and killed Adriene Ludd. Now, over two months later, the Sheriff refuses to release the incident report and the dash-cam footage and the community is demanding answers. Micaela Davis of the ACLU of Northern California writes, "Friends, family, and neighbors of Mr. Ludd deserve the full story on this tragedy."
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or Central Valley pages
Black Xmas Action Blocks Highway 101 at SFO
Tue Jan
5 2016 (Updated 01/06/16)
BLM Chapters Call for Immediate Overhaul of Justice System Locally and Nationally
Black Lives Matter Bay Area held a local demonstration in solidarity with Black Xmas actions across the country on December 23. Nine activists blocked the San Francisco International Airport exit at Highway 101 until they were arrested by the California Highway Patrol. All of those arrested were released from jail later that evening.
Black Lives Matter writes, "Whether cisgendered, trans, or queer; women or men, elders or children – our Black families refuse to live trapped between poverty and police state violence."
Read more on Indybay's Racial Justice page
Council Member Cynthia Chase Refuses Dialogue on Homeless Voting Record
Mon Jan
4 2016
Progressives Question Santa Cruz Council Member Elected with Their Support
Steve Schnaar writes: Santa Cruz City Council member Cynthia Chase, elected with a lot of progressive support based on her years of excellent work supporting women transitioning out of prison, has voted for some of the worst anti-homeless decisions to come out of the council recently. However when asked about the contradiction between her past progressive positions and these votes, she refuses to engage or explain herself.
Read more on Indybay's Health, Housing, and Public Services or Santa Cruz Indymedia pages
Freedom SleepOut #26 Seeks Shelter
Mon Jan
4 2016 (Updated 01/05/16)
Homeless Activists Maintain Protests, Continue to Sleep at Santa Cruz City Hall
Since July 4, community members in Santa Cruz have been sleeping one night a week at Santa Cruz City Hall to protest laws that criminalize sleeping in public places. Facing temperatures below the freezing mark, a small group of activists stayed the night for their twenty-fifth community sleepout at Santa Cruz City Hall on December 29. The next sleepout was planned for Tuesday, January 5.
Read more on Indybay's Health, Housing, and Public Services or Santa Cruz Indymedia pages
Food Not Bombs Co-Founder Keith McHenry Faces New Criminal Charges for His Work
Wed Dec 30 2015 (Updated 12/31/15)
FNB Activist Charged with Misdemeanor in Santa Cruz for Using "Offensive Words"
Food Not Bombs co-founder Keith McHenry is facing three misdemeanor charges in Santa Cruz Superior Court as a result of his work to defend the rights of the poor. The original case stemmed from an action where McHenry replaced 33 "blue artist boxes" on Pacific Avenue that had been removed by the city.
Read more on Indybay's Health, Housing, and Public Services or Santa Cruz Indymedia pages
Victory for the Black Friday 14
Wed Dec 30 2015 (Updated 01/01/16)
Year-Long Campaign in Support of the Black Friday 14 Leads to All Charges Being Dropped
On Black Friday 2014, following the grand jury announcement it would not recommend indicting police officer Darren Wilson for the murder of Mike Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, fourteen Black activists chained themselves together on a BART transit platform “to prevent trains from moving at the West Oakland station, in response to the seemingly unending war against Black communities.” District Attorney Nancy O'Malley and BART pursued criminal charges and originally $70,000 in restitution. Now, after a year-long campaign by the Black Friday 14 and a broad coalition of allies, the DA has dropped all the charges.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons page
Occupy Oakland Protester Wrongly Convicted in 2012 May Be Vindicated
Wed Dec 16 2015 (Updated 12/17/15)
César Aguirre Convicted of Smashing OPD Windows, Sued by Oakland, Called Outside Agitator
An activist who was pursued by the City of Oakland for criminal vandalism and restitution is challenging his conviction four years later. César Aguirre was convicted for allegedly smashing the windows of the OPD Internal Affairs and Recruiting Offices during the Occupy Oakland General Strike of November 2-3, 2011. Aguirre has now filed a petition for writ of habeas corpus challenging his conviction based on the prosecution's failure to disclose material evidence.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons page
SF Police Execute Mario Woods in the Bayview
Mon Dec 14 2015 (Updated 12/27/15)
Killing of Mario Woods by SFPD Caught on Camera, Likened to Execution by Firing Squad
San Francisco police murdered another African American man in the Bayview-Hunters Point neighborhood on December 2. At least five police officers surrounded Woods on a sidewalk and proceeded to shoot him over fifteen times. Three different videos of the killing, taken with cellphone cameras, were made public. The videos spread widely, triggering protests and a fiery town hall meeting. A federal civil rights lawsuit has been filed on behalf of Mario's family. Another protest has been called for December 18 downtown.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or Racial Justice pages
Protesting Monterey's Sit-Lie Law
Mon Dec 14 2015 (Updated 12/15/15)
Activists Say Sit-Lie Ordinance is Discriminatory and Selectively Enforced
Direct Action Monterey Network (DAMN) organized its eleventh sit-in protest in downtown Monterey on December 4. Since February, community members have been gathering monthly on the sidewalk of Alvarado Street to defy the city's sit-lie ordinance, which has been in effect for just over a year now.
Read more on Indybay's Health, Housing, and Public Services or Santa Cruz Indymedia pages
Native Americans Swim Alcatraz to Fight Diabetes
Mon Dec 14 2015
Alcatraz Swim Week Promotes Healthy Eating and an Active Lifestyle Among Native Americans
In September 2003, Lakota Sioux Richard Iron Cloud and Armando Black Bear, novice swimmers from the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation near the Badlands of South Dakota, swam from Alcatraz Island to the San Francisco shore in the first PATHSTAR Alcatraz swim.
That tradition continued on Oct. 19, 2015, when Native Americans made the crossing from the “Rock” to San Francisco to conclude this year’s annual PATHSTAR Alcatraz Swim Week.
Read more on Indybay's Racial Justice, Health, Housing, and Public Services or California pages
Widening Highway One Still Won’t Work
Tue Dec 15 2015 (Updated 12/16/15)
Draft EIR Released for Highway Widening Proposals in Santa Cruz County
Despite objections from environmental groups such as The Campaign for Sensible Transportation, there is a new push to widen Highway One in Santa Cruz County. The Santa Cruz County Regional Transportation Commission (RTC), in cooperation with the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) and the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), has prepared a draft Environmental Impact Report/Environmental Assessment for the new highway widening proposals.
Read more on Indybay's Environment & Forest Defense or Santa Cruz Indymedia pages
Freedom Sleepers Confront Santa Cruz City Council at el Palomar Restaurant
Tue Dec 15 2015
Twenty-Second Community Sleepout Held at Santa Cruz City Hall
The Freedom Sleepers held a protest in front of the Palomar Inn in downtown Santa Cruz on December 8, where the city council was eating a celebratory dinner in honor of the appointment of the new mayor, Cynthia Matthews. A small group of protesters also entered the Inn's banquet room during the council’s meal with a sign reading “A Ban on Sleep is a Ban on Life.”
Read more on Indybay's Health, Housing, and Public Services page
Lawsuit Challenges Police Violence At 2014 Berkeley Protest
Sat Dec
5 2015 (Updated 12/13/15)
NLG Files Civil Rights Lawsuit Over Berkeley Police Brutality Against Black Lives Matter Protesters and Journalists
Eleven people who were clubbed, teargassed, slammed to the ground, shot with impact munitions or groundlessly arrested by the police during a December 6, 2014, Berkeley demonstration filed a civil rights lawsuit against the City of Berkeley, then-City Manager Christine Daniel, Chief Michael Meehan, the City of Hayward, and Berkeley and Hayward officers in federal court on November 23, 2015. The plaintiffs include journalists who were covering the demonstration, as well as demonstrators.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or Racial Justice pages
Richard Perkins 1000th Person Killed by American Police in 2015
Sat Dec
5 2015 (Updated 12/07/15)
Richard Perkins Killed by Oakland Police Same Day Patrol Car Smashed Near Major Sideshow
Before dawn on November 15th, about 700 cars showed up to an “LA to the Bay” sideshow in East Oakland. An OPD patrol car was smashed as those gathered chanted, "Fuck the Police!"
Later that same day, responding to another sideshow just after dark at about 5:30pm, Oakland police were in the process of impounding several motorcycles when they killed Richard Perkins near 90th and Bancroft Avenues in East Oakland. The killing has been protested with a student walk-out and march from Fruitvale BART.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or Racial Justice pages
Women No Longer Forced to Take Pregnancy Tests in Alameda Jails
Sat Dec
5 2015 (Updated 12/06/15)
ACLU Settles Lawsuit with Alameda County Jails over Pregnancy Testing
The ACLU of Northern California and the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office have reached a settlement agreement that will ensure that women are able to choose whether they receive pregnancy testing in the county’s jails.
The agreement is the result of a lawsuit, Harman v. Ahern, which argued the policy was a violation of the California Constitution, the U.S. Constitution and state statutory law.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or Womyn pages
SF Bay Area Marches in Solidarity Ahead of Paris Climate Talks
Thu Nov 26 2015 (Updated 11/27/15)
Activists Vow to Mobilize at Paris Climate Change Summit Despite Protest Ban
Immediately following the Paris attacks of November 13, France announced the prohibition of mass marches in cities across the country. Large rallies scheduled for November 29 and December 12 in Paris during the UN climate conference have been forbidden due to this new ban. French rally mobilizers are asking why demonstrations are prohibited while sporting events and Christmas markets are being permitted. In Northern California, climate activists marched in Oakland and Santa Cruz during the weekend of November 21-22 in a lead-up to the Paris climate summit.
Read more on Indybay's Environment & Forest Defense or Global Justice and Anti-Capitalism pages
Alameda County Passes Groundbreaking Privacy Policy
Tue Nov 24 2015
Board Of Supervisors Pass Most Comprehensive Cell Phone Simulator Privacy Policy in U.S.
In an example of collaboration with privacy advocates, on November 17, the Alameda County Board of Supervisors passed a comprehensive privacy policy regulating the county's use of cell phone interceptor equipment (often referred to in the press by “Stingray” or “Hailstorm”) before approving the purchase of an equipment upgrade.
The policy requires a warrant before any deployment of the device and periodic audits of use.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or Government & Elections pages
UC Santa Cruz Students Participate in Million Student March
Tue Nov 24 2015
Students Call for Tuition-Free College, Cancellation of All Student Debt, $15 Minimum Wage
On November 12 students at UC Santa Cruz joined students at college campuses across the country for a "Million Student March," a day of local actions organized nationally around three principle demands: tuition-free public college, cancellation of all student debt, and a $15 minimum wage for all campus workers. Million Student March actions were organized at over 100 schools.
Read more on Indybay's Labor & Workers or Education & Student Activism pages
Day Worker Center of Santa Cruz County Seeks Funds to Build Tool Lending Library
Tue Nov 24 2015
Labor Organization Works to Provide Dependable Access to Tools
The Day Worker Center of Santa Cruz County is asking for the community's help to raise funds for a Tool Lending Library. The Center already possesses the tools, but currently lacks a reliable shed in which to store them, and as an organization that works to provide workers with job opportunities, a place to store tools is invaluable.
Read more on Indybay's Santa Cruz Indymedia page
Landmark Agreement Ends Indeterminate Long-Term Solitary Confinement in California
Wed Nov 25 2015
California Prisoner Hunger Strikes & Class Action Lead to Major Limits on Use of the SHU
Led by those inside California prisons, who often put their lives on the line, a settlement was reached on September 1 in the federal class action Ashker v. Governor of California that will mostly end indeterminate, long-term solitary confinement in all California state prisons. Subject to court approval, the agreement will result in a dramatic reduction in the number of people in solitary across the state and a new program that could be a model for other states going forward. Over a thousand people are set to make it out of Security Housing Units (SHU).
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons or California pages
Nice Try, Pope Francis, But to Many Junipero Serra Is No Saint
Tue Nov 24 2015 (Updated 11/26/15)
Mission Santa Cruz Vandalized Repeatedly Following Canonization of Junipero Serra
On November 2, red paint was splashed across the front door of Mission Santa Cruz.
Following the Catholic church's canonization of Junipero Serra, a series of acts of vandalism has occurred on the Central Coast, including the beheading of a Serra statue in Monterey in October, and the splashing of paint on Mission Carmel and the toppling of a statue of Serra in September.
Read more on Indybay's Racial Justice page
Labor and BLM Demand: “Drop the Charges Against the Black Friday 14!”
Sun Nov 22 2015 (Updated 12/31/15)
Black Friday 14 Action a Prelude to Huge Rally to Raise Oakland Minimum Wage to $15/Hr
In a show of solidarity, labor unions and Black Lives Matter activists staged a protest on November 10 which targeted Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley. Some two hundred protesters gathered outside D.A. O'Malley's offices demanding that she “Drop the charges against the Black Friday 14!”
They declared that the struggles for economic justice and racial justice were two sides of the same struggle. Inside the courthouse, a delegation of labor leaders occupied O'Malley's office. No arrests were made.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons, Racial Justice, Global Justice and Anti-Capitalism or Womyn pages
Midtown Apartments Rent Strike Going Strong
Mon Nov 16 2015
San Francisco Tenants Unite Against Rent Increases and the Demolition of Their Homes
On November 14, residents of the Midtown Park Apartments in San Francisco's Western Addition and their supporters gathered for a fundraiser and BBQ.
In 2013, the City terminated the lease with the tenants and awarded it to Mercy Housing. Tenants are now facing enormous rent increases and Mercy Housing has put forth plans to eventually demolish the buildings. In response, Midtown tenants went on Rent Strike five months ago and are calling out for public support.
Read more on Indybay's Health, Housing, and Public Services or Government & Elections pages
Sheriff Deputies Caught on Camera Pummeling Man with Batons
Sat Nov 14 2015 (Updated 11/22/15)
Alameda County Sheriff's Deputies Brutally Beat Man in San Francisco's Mission District
On November 13, the San Francisco Public Defender’s office released video of two Alameda County Sheriff's Office (ACSO) Deputies beating a man who is curled up on the ground. The first deputy tackles and punches the man and then both proceed to hit him with their batons for nearly a minute, repeatedly striking the man in the head and all over his body. They only stop beating him after other ACSO deputies and SF police arrive on the scene. Instead of rendering medical aid, the arriving police walk around the seriously wounded man, shining flashlights on him as he moans in pain, crying out for help.
Read more on Indybay's Police State and Prisons page
Battle to Save CCSF Continues
Sat Nov 14 2015 (Updated 11/16/15)
CCSF Faculty to Strike and Picket Over Contract Negotiations and Class Reductions
Students, teachers, supporters, plus many others marched from CCSF’s Mission campus to the Civic Center campus over the pending downsizing of City College on November 12.
Faculty union AFT 2121, which represents 1500 faculty at CCSF announced they authorized a one-day strike in response to unfair labor practices at City College.
A picket to support CCSF faculty in contract negotiations has been called for November 18.
Read more on Indybay's Education & Student Activism page
older stories >>
Latest headlines from all sections of the site:
01/05/16 BLM Chapters Call for Immediate Overhaul of Justice System Locally and Nationally     race01/05/16 ACLU Joins Black Lives Matter in Calling for Transparency after Shooting of Adriene Ludd     police | centralvalley01/05/16 Mother of Oscar Grant Calls for Peace and Unity to End Police Violence at Annual Vigil     police01/04/16 Homeless Activists Maintain Protests, Continue to Sleep at Santa Cruz City Hall     poverty | santacruz01/04/16 Progressives Question Santa Cruz Council Member Elected with Their Support     poverty | santacruz12/30/15 Year-Long Campaign in Support of the Black Friday 14 Leads to All Charges Being Dropped     police12/30/15 FNB Activist Charged with Misdemeanor in Santa Cruz for Using "Offensive Words"     poverty | santacruz12/16/15 César Aguirre Convicted of Smashing OPD Windows, Sued by Oakland, Called Outside Agitator     police12/15/15 Draft EIR Released for Highway Widening Proposals in Santa Cruz County     environment | santacruz12/15/15 Twenty-Second Community Sleepout Held at Santa Cruz City Hall     poverty12/14/15 Activists Say Sit-Lie Ordinance is Discriminatory and Selectively Enforced     poverty | santacruz
Publish your news
Add an event
articlephotovideoaudio
Local News
Global | Breaking
Tell the President: No to TPP!
Art Persyko
Monday Jan 11th 8:10 PM
Adhitya Nagraj is appointed to the California Housing Partnership Corporation (Board)
Lynda Carson (1 comment)
Monday Jan 11th 5:34 PM
Bay Area plans 96 hours of action as part of national call to “Reclaim King’s Radical Legacy”
Anti Police-Terror Project (1 comment)
Monday Jan 11th 1:59 PM
New homeless shelter system opens in Berkeley
Lynda Carson
Sunday Jan 10th 8:20 PM
Fundraiser in Support of Monterey 8
Steph
Sunday Jan 10th 2:52 PM
2nd Annual March to Reclaim MLK's Radical Legacy
Anti Police-Terror Project
Sunday Jan 10th 10:11 AM
Groups file formal protests with State Water Board over tunnels permits
Dan Bacher
Saturday Jan 9th 6:08 PM
Rent control expansion is a prime option for renters throughout California
Lynda Carson (1 comment)
Saturday Jan 9th 5:16 PM
Sleepouts at Santa Cruz City Hall Advance to 2016
Alex Darocy (2 comments)
Friday Jan 8th 6:00 PM
Justice for Richard Perkins Jr and all lives stolen by police
Stop Mass Incarceration Network (1 comment)
Friday Jan 8th 4:44 PM
Protestors Disrupt SF Mayor Ed Lee's 2016 Inauguration
D. Boyer
Friday Jan 8th 4:08 PM
Stop the Pedie Perez Killing Cover-Up!
Gene
Friday Jan 8th 10:42 AM
New Wolf Detected in California's Modoc County
Center for Biological Diversity
Thursday Jan 7th 11:43 PM
Governor Brown's budget DOES include $3.6 million for Delta Tunnels
Dan Bacher
Thursday Jan 7th 8:19 PM
Alameda landlord Donald W. Lindsey may lose real estate license
Lynda Carson (2 comments)
Thursday Jan 7th 8:19 AM
Residents Oppose New Boulder Creek Cell Tower Proposal
Santa Cruz County News (14 comments)
Thursday Jan 7th 3:41 AM
Protest Gilead Sciences : for Hepatitis-C treatment for Mumia Abu-Jamal and all prisoners
Wednesday Jan 6th 5:10 PM
More Local News...
Global News
Local |
Breaking
The Military-Industrial Complex is the Greatest Threat for World Peace
Mohssen Massarat
Tuesday Jan 12th 6:11 AM
This Week in Palestine, January 8th, 2015
IMEMC
Monday Jan 11th 9:59 PM
CalSTRS, Spiking, Teacher Pensions, Charters, Cover-ups & Whistleblowing With Thompson
Labor Video Project
Monday Jan 11th 9:58 AM
Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. International Day of Service
Tomas DiFiore
Sunday Jan 10th 9:10 PM
Wtul News and Views interviews Nyx from Total War Puppets
wtulnews
Sunday Jan 10th 6:54 PM
France: 20,000 people protest #NDDL airport construction as a climate crime near #Nantes
John Englart (Takver)
Saturday Jan 9th 7:05 PM
U.S.-backed dirty war
Ted Rudow III, MA
Saturday Jan 9th 2:22 PM
National Independent Farmworkers Union Launched in Baja California, Mexico
Alianza (translated)
Friday Jan 8th 9:51 PM
It’s Chili Today! PETA Delivers Hot Vegan Food to All Gathered Outside Wildlife Refuge
PETA
Friday Jan 8th 11:20 AM
UNITE HERE Condemns ICE Raids Targeting Central American Women and Children
via UNITE HERE Local 483
Thursday Jan 7th 11:54 PM
Vegan Jerky To Be Hand-Delivered to Oregon Cattle-Ranching Militia
PETA
Thursday Jan 7th 11:29 AM
Economic Inequality Divides Economics and Society
Matthias Schnetzer
Thursday Jan 7th 5:59 AM
More than 80,000 People Urge EPA to Ban Dangerous Pesticide Chlorpyrifos
via United Farm Workers
Wednesday Jan 6th 5:52 PM
Warning from the Birding Community to the Terrorists in Oregon: We're Watching You
Norwegian Chef
Wednesday Jan 6th 4:33 PM
Let’s get One Million tweets for Oscar!
L. Alejandro Molina
Wednesday Jan 6th 7:36 AM
Eastern Oregon once had a Malheur Indian Reservation. Guess what happened.
subir
Tuesday Jan 5th 8:38 PM
CDC Guidelines: Drug Urine Tests for Pain Patients - Open Comment Until 1/13/16
AVedanta
Monday Jan 4th 12:40 PM
More Global News...
Other/Breaking News
Local |
Global
I love Eric Malcoff
by MrGman999
Wednesday Jan 13th 4:21 AM
WTC Killer in Town tomorrow...1-12-16 Mousre Report
DJ Mouse
Tuesday Jan 12th 2:48 PM
(A-Radio) Mediterranean 2: Anarchists in Slovenia and the refugee Balkan route
A-Radio Berlin
Tuesday Jan 12th 12:11 PM
Pill Cost Pennies-Drugs Cost Lives! Protest Of Gilead & JP Morgan Profiteering Meeting
Labor Video Project
Tuesday Jan 12th 11:24 AM
"equality" and "empowerment"
Ted Rudow III, MA
Monday Jan 11th 3:15 PM
Govt Access Project: Disrupting SF City Hall's Darkness
Michael Petrelis
Monday Jan 11th 11:42 AM
Averting Shia-Sunni World War by Zahir Ebrahim | Project Humanbeingsfirst.org
Zahir Ebrahim | Project Humanbeingsfirst.org
Sunday Jan 10th 2:21 PM
Spring Break Delegation to Bolivia, Food Sovereignty, and Indigenous Resistance!
Alberto Lovera Bolivarian Circle
Sunday Jan 10th 10:19 AM
Mindanao, Philippines: Stop ‘Lumad’ killings, harassment - UN
Nancy Carvajal
Saturday Jan 9th 10:14 PM
Scientists say that the California Methane Event Will Affect the Entire World.
ASCA Lee Den
Saturday Jan 9th 4:07 PM
All Muslims are not terrorists
Ted Rudow III, MA
Saturday Jan 9th 10:42 AM
Those who get broadband end up voting for Democrats. The war on the web.
Kieren McCarthy
Friday Jan 8th 4:46 PM
THE POWER, an energy company, has a plan to save California from the Methane Disaster
Susan Keen
Friday Jan 8th 11:25 AM
The Biggest Environmental Disaster In the History Of The West Coast Could Be Turned Roses
TJ Martin
Thursday Jan 7th 5:29 PM
The Shortwave Report 01/08/16 Listen Globally!
Dan Roberts
Thursday Jan 7th 5:22 PM
Hundreds Defend 'Afrika Town' Community Garden in Oakland (April 2015)
Rasheed Shabazz
Thursday Jan 7th 2:44 PM
Peninsula Tenants Urge your elected official to ENACT RENT CONTROL and TENANT PROTECTIONS
M Hennings
Thursday Jan 7th 1:14 PM
Open Newswire...
© 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center.
Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for
non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and
elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not
necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC.
Disclaimer |
Copyright Policy |
Privacy |
Contact