https://www.19yoporn.com
19 y/o BLACK COCK SLUT
Menu
Close
Home
Archive
Ask me anything
Submit
Theme by safe as milk
19 y/o BLACK COCK SLUT
19 y/o white college girl and aspiring doctor here. I know what youre thinking, "why is she on here?" Well, stress and I just LOVE BLACK COCK. It's the only thing that gets me off- a big black man with an even bigger cock punishing me and my little cunt (not for long lol). Im in a sorority (sorry, cant tell you which one lol) and many of my sorority sisters are little spades in training ;)
I have been with my white, small cock boyfriend since senior year of high school. I always tell him "I am waiting for marriage" but little does he know that his sweetheart is a BLACK COCK QUEEN.
I lost my virginity at a high school party when I was 16 and have taken (mostly anonymous) black cocks ever since. I have even snuck a few into my dorm when my roommate was sleeping (shhh).
Ever since my sister started dating strictly older black men in her teens, I have been drawn to the power the black cock possesses. I worship it and respect how much pleasure/pain its given my sister and I (daddy isnt happy lol).
As a black cock slut, I will spread the black cock doctrine by posting gifs/pics/etc. daily as well as strive to please every black cock that can fit in this little cunt. I manage my sorority's tumblr page too so we'll keep this one our little secret ;) XOXO
#KeepCalmAndBreedOn and don't be afraid to 'Ask Me Anything' or send me some pics ;) And yes, this is real. Guys are horny 24/7, why cant one girl????
ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR BLACK DADDY OPENING
♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠
dirtykarissa:
Some random BBC sex that turns me on!(via baldnsexy22)
May 12, 2015
#FINALS
sorry about not posting lately. 4.0 aspiring doctor + online BBC whore doesnt mix well sometimes
May 12, 2015
everybodylovespj asked:
I would love to give you my bbc baby
step in line
everybodylovespj
May 12, 2015
keep-it-sleazy asked:
Do you only like black cock? Or would you love a big white cock also? Cause I'd love to show you that not all whites are bad
lol ONLY BLACK. I dont care how large a white man is
keep-it-sleazy
May 12, 2015
blackmydaughter asked:
I'm glad your sister stopped your from wasting time on white losers. My own little sister started dating black guys in university and married one. She's the cool aunt to my daughters and im certain she was a huge influence in my eldest going black. What is your plan about your white boyfriend? Would you like a white guy to marry and cuck while he supports your black cock habit?
My white boyfriend doesn’t know. I don’t add my black fucks on FB. I have this tumblr and a twitter (BF doesnt have one) that I add them on. I like the thrill of sex with black men in my relationship without my BF knowing but if he is into cuckolding I would let him WATCH ONLY
blackmydaughter
May 12, 2015
(Source: racemishgendermash, via 19yearoldblackcockslut)
May 02, 2015
19yearoldblackcockslut:
Mm mm(Source: triplexratedme)
May 02, 2015
Mm mm(Source: triplexratedme, via whit34black)
Apr 24, 2015
(Source: racemishgendermash, via rita-whitemeat)
Apr 24, 2015
(Source: girlsyoulike, via niclasbbc)
Apr 24, 2015