https://www.1dollarporn.blogspot.com
Download XXX Porn DVDs for a $1.00
Download XXX Porn DVDs for a $1.00
Friday, September 08, 2006
The Napster of Porn
Why you should join this porn site?So I was thinking, what makes a guy join a porn site? It’s usually a conscious decision to see some quality porn to jerk off to. :) Many guys spend a lot of time looking for free porn on the internet but here is something I discovered: it’s a lot smarter to join a porn site that costs $1 for a trial and get instant access to high quality porn than it is to spend hours looking for some free stuff. Most of the free stuff you will find is low quality.This is were BaDoink comes in. BaDoink is a really new and unique spin on downloading porn. These guys have a great thing going, and until someone copies them, they are the best thing going. With BaDoink, you instantly have secure encrypted access to BaDoink's software, which handles all of your porn needs.They call BaDoink the "Napster of Porn", because one feature BaDoink has is high speed P2P technology. This means one can type in anything they want like "hardcore movie" or "jenna jameson video" and get hundreds even thousands of items to choose from. No one else has this, and this feature helps BaDoink standalone.On top of that, BaDoink has a library of over 1000 full length DVDs in many different genres. Many of your favorite porn store titles, and available in high-res high speed downloads with one click of a button. BaDoink even give you software to take your downloadable DVDs and burn them onto DVD! With or without a burner, you can burn 1000's of hours of hardcore porn with your favorite stars right onto DVD! I love this feature and I was hooked on BaDoink!I went in, with their trial $1 membership, and probably downloaded and burned over $1000 worth of porn! So if you're looking for porn content, and you need a secure, discreet way to get IMMENSE amounts of stuff in every genre, BaDoink is the only way to go.
posted by Captain Pervert at 8:20 AM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
Captain Pervert
View my complete profile
Free XXX Movies
Free Preview 1
Free Preview 2
Free Preview 3
Blog list
SHEGG BLOG DIRECTORY
Bravs Free Porn
GoToFreeXXX
Smut Blog Directory
Free Porn Movies
Adult Blogs
Adult Blogs
Adult Blog Spider
All Adult Blogs
All Sex Blogs
Planet SexBlogs
Porn Blog Rabbit
Porn Blog World
Previous Posts
The Napster of Porn
Archives
September 2006