https://www.1dsexyoneshots.tumblr.com
One Direction Mature One Shots
One Direction Mature One Shots
home
ask
archive
theme
Our One Shots
FAQ
Slash
Louis
Zayn
Harry
Niall
Liam
We all want to bang One Direction but since that may never happen, get your sexual frustrations out by writing about banging One Direction. Favorite Writers
Our Main 1D Blog
1 2 3 4 5 →
11 months ago on February 10, 2015
★
34 notes
via thefemalehitch
#niall#one direction mature one shot
Bad Intentions
thefemalehitch:
“Excuse me!” Interns turned and scattered before she could shove through them. The rapid click-click of her heels had given them the minute warning they needed to escape. Around the hallway she continued, unbothered by those who scrambled to hide. She had no time for them today- she was here for one man and one man only.
The double doors to the shoot burst open and every head in the room swiveled painfully to see her enter. All bodies ceased movement, all felt trapped under her searching gaze. Each wondered the same thing: Why was she here? What had happened? Who would be today’s victim?
Her jaw tensed as her eyes settled on a lone individual. “You.”
The donut Niall had just carelessly shoved in his mouth fell away and smacked to the floor in a puff of white sugary powder. His eyes widened at the strange woman, marveling at not only the lethal gaze trained upon him, but also the deadly heel of her maroon booties as they dug into the carpeted floor; the black slacks that cinched around her ankles and loosened only at her waist; the transparent silk blouse and the black lace camisole peeking out from beneath it.
Read More
♡ 34 via thefemalehitch  -  niall   -  one direction mature one shot
1 year ago on January 5, 2015
★
2 notes
#ello mista gray
Anonymous said: "Hi, so I've been searching everywhere for this mini series fan fiction i think i first saw in your main blog. It's a story revolving around Harry being like a psycotic killer and he's in prison but the main girl is a psychologist trying to figure him out. Harry's really dak and the story follows the same premise as Silence of the Lambs. I don't know if have any idea what i'm talking about but if you do would really appriciate some help finding the story!"
Its by our friend Kristen, and its based off the Joker/Harley Quinn relationship I think. Her blog is paynedown-under and its called “Libertine.” She’s got it under her short stories link.
♡ 2   -  ello mista gray
1 year ago on June 25, 2014
★
411 notes
via nialledfrombehind
#liam#one shot#mature#liam payne one shot#one direction smut
Stay
nialledfrombehind:
Read More
yes. just yes, and I’m the farthest thing from a Liam girl.
♡ 411 via nialledfrombehind  -  liam   -  one shot   -  mature   -  liam payne one shot   -  one direction smut
1 year ago on June 25, 2014
★
8 notes
#Anonymous#asks
Anonymous said: "I know this is weird but I've read on where I think Zayn fucks a girl like on a washing machine. So I can't find it and I really hope you can answer this."
Here is one with Niall and a washing machine?
http://1dsexyoneshots.tumblr.com/post/28242245678/dirty-laundry-niall-one-shot-mature
♡ 8   -  Anonymous   -  asks
1 year ago on June 18, 2014
★
2 notes
#butseriouslystopit
wholetittiesout-deactivated2014 said: "Hello! I'm trying to find a very specific one shot that I read awhile ago. It was amazing! I hope you can help! It's about Niall and a girl having a friends with benefits situation and at the end of the night they always tell the other they can stay if they want but they never do. It's from Niall's POV. I wish I knew who wrote it. Can you help? Thanks!"
It should be under the Niall tag, but its difficult to say which one it is because many of the links to 1dsexualfrustrations are messed up because the admin changed the blog name to 1dsf. You’re welcome to look through and try to find it on their site, but unless we wrote it personally, or it was submitted through us, we cannot guarantee we’ll be able to find it. =/
♡ 2   -  butseriouslystopit
1 year ago on March 14, 2014
★
166 notes
via thefemalehitch
#harry#styles one shot#mature#oneshot#1dff#1dsex#harry styles#mexicanelvis#olivenostrils#niall#quickshot#Queue Queen
And We All Scream For…
thefemalehitch:
“Ice cream parties are for children. You do realize this?”
I scowled at the smirk prominent on my friend’s face as we climbed the last few steps to his apartment. “Harry Styles, I’ll have you know I’m ten months, two weeks, and six days older than you. That’s ten months, two weeks, and six days more wisdom in my head than yours. Ice cream parties are for anyone and everyone who knows how to have good clean, sticky fun.” I stuck my finger high in the air to somehow give more weight to my argument, the giggles barely contained in my throat.
He rolled his eyes as he fumbled for his keys for a moment and finally got them in the door, “You’re still a child.”
“I know you are, but what am I?” I stuck out my tongue and he actually laughed this time, his grumpy mood finally beginning to lift.
Read More
Harry styles one shot, mature, With Niall quickshot at the end
THIS is the sweet treat with creme, chocolate sauce, that anon requested. Plus a little extra on the end.
♡ 166 via thefemalehitch  -  harry   -  styles one shot   -  mature   -  oneshot   -  1dff   -  1dsex   -  harry styles   -  mexicanelvis   -  olivenostrils   -  niall   -  quickshot   -  Queue Queen
1 year ago on March 11, 2014
★
Anonymous said: "Hi I recently asked you if you could write the preference with cream etc. I was wondering if you had wrote and posted it yet?!"
So I wrote around ¾ of it and then scrapped the whole thing because I hated the background setting I had put them in- and then I stepped on my computer last weekend and completely destroyed the screen.
New screen should be here Wednesday, and once I’ve gotten it all hooked up I’ll rewrite it!
Sorry for the wait!
Also I wrote ¾ of a different one shot, so that’ll be posted soon after the licking cream, chocolate sauce, etc one. =]
1 year ago on February 18, 2014
★
#stranger danger#talk that talk
Anonymous said: "Hi I was wondering if you could write a sexy mature imagine... Where harry or liam or Niall, one them is your boyfriend and you have kinky sex! Including whipped cream and strawberries used on you! And you use choc sauce on him!?"
Sounds yummy! I’ll see what I can do! Writing day is tomorrow (AKA we have like a three hour break between classes with nothing to do but write).
-  stranger danger   -  talk that talk
1 year ago on February 8, 2014
★
1 note
#stranger danger#talk that talk
Anonymous said: "Cay you da a liam imagine where you ask him if he can help you learn how to pleasure a guy and it goes on from there ;). PS LIVE YOU GUYS"
We don’t take requests…
BUT I really like that idea, so this is ONE TIME THING but I’ll write it. =]
I’m heading to a party tonight though, so it might not be up until Monday.
♡ 1   -  stranger danger   -  talk that talk
1 year ago on January 31, 2014
★
#bring on the smut#eleniiiiix#talk that talk
eleniiiiiix-deactivated20160104 said: "hey, are you guys looking for an extra writer at all?"
Technically this site is just for submissions. All our writing we post on our main and just reblog it here. So if you wanted to write something just submit it! We’re always taking submissions =]
-  bring on the smut   -  eleniiiiix   -  talk that talk