https://www.1storal.com
David G.   Simmons
Welcome!
Who I am: I am David G. Simmons. I am an Internet of Things pioneer who has been working in the field of IoT for over a decade. Most recently I was the Chief Technology Evangelist for PsiKick which is a (very) small startup in the IoT space developing extremely low-power IoT chips. Truly some of the most remarkable new IoT technology I've seen in many years!
I was a Technology Evangelist for Riverbed Technologies. I have been responsible for User Groups for Riverbed throughout North America, and some in Europe. Yes, I travel a lot, and I have the Frequent Flier Miles to prove it. I've been carrying the message of Riverbed's transformation from a WAN Optimization company -- the best there is -- to a complete Performance Platform company enabling companies to transform their business by harnessing the power of virtualization, SaaS, and the cloud. There, I covered the Riverbed sales pitch.
Before that I was a researcher in the field of Wireless Sensor Networks. More specifically, I worked on the Sun SPOT Java-based Wireless Sensor Platform for Sun Oracle Labs. I also write installers, and a whole lot of Java. I write PHP, HTML, shell scripts, a little bit of C, etc. I'm handy with a soldering iron, an oscilliscope, and a little bit of other hardware-development type stuff. Not bad for a software guy. We pretty much invented the Internet of Things (IoT) and I'm one of those people that knows more about the IoT than anyone. I've certainly been doing it longer than almost anyone.
I'm also a passionate and talented technology evangelist, an accomplished and confident presenter (to everyone from highly technical audiences to CxO level executives) and an all-around jack-of-all-trades, technology-wise.
Feel free to contact me about job opportunities, questions, or just send me suggestions. Email me! If you want to know a bit more about me, read on, or see my resume.
If you'd like, you can send me a text message through this site.
If you find things wrong with this site, the layout, etc. please do let me know.
Also, feel free to contact me on LinkedIn or follow me on Twitter
Contact Information:
Navigation
Home Page
About Me
Biography
Curriculum Vitae
Interests
Hobbies
Wood working
Blog
Personal Blog
Professional Blog (inactive)
Links
The Digital Diner
Sun SPOT World
Vicarious Lines
Davis Ex Machina
Contact
Email
Text Message
Beans!
© 2011 All Rights Reserved.