https://www.1teenfuk.com
Number One Sylvia Saint – Sylvia Saint Fan Site – WARNING!!! THIS SITE IS FOR ADULTS ONLY! You Must Be Over 18 Years of Age to View Pornographic Materials
Skip to content
Number One Sylvia Saint
Sylvia Saint Fan Site – WARNING!!! THIS SITE IS FOR ADULTS ONLY! You Must Be Over 18 Years of Age to View Pornographic Materials
Menu and widgets
Search for:
Recent Posts
Sylvia Saint in COUCH PUSSY
Sylvia Saint in STAIRWAY PINK
Sylvia Saint in HOT BATH
Sylvia Saint Intro
Recent CommentsSci Fi sexuales imágenes y extranjeros Porn Movies - MUCHACHAS DEL ESPACIO on Sylvia Saint IntroWarrior Girls from Galaxy Far Far Away - Xxx Galaxy Girls on Sylvia Saint IntroCategories
BTS
Solo
Uncategorized
Friends Nikki Nova - Jana Cova - Silvia Saint - date48 - Loz lorrimar
Sponsors
Sylvia Saint in COUCH PUSSY
http://1sylviasaint.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Sylvia-Saint-Couch-Pussy.mp4
Another story from XxxHorror.com, where Sylvia saint acts as a innocent nun and looses her virginity:
"Amen."
"She is ready, Father."
"Begin. She is no longer a virgin. The Church
has only one of those on permanent record. Sister
Sylvia is now a consummated Bride of Jesus; Hell’s demons cannot take
this away from her. Assist her through the waves of emotion, of pain,
of pleasure…."
"Yes, Father." "Oh…oh, no —
Oh, God–!!"
Father Angelino blesses the chalice, which bubbles with a viscous, alien
fluid. Then —
Posted on June 5, 2015June 5, 2015Categories SoloLeave a comment on Sylvia Saint in COUCH PUSSY
Sylvia Saint in STAIRWAY PINK
http://1sylviasaint.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Sylvia-Saint-Pink.mp4
This is part of story featuring Sylvia Saint as Vampire Slayer at XxxHorror.com:
Deep
within the Vatican stronghold, six years, six months, and six days after
Satan first erupted, FATHER ANGELINO performs the Holy Rite of the Bridal
Warrior. Dire times call for equally dire measures.
SISTER
SYLVIA SAINT, aptly-named decendent of the legendary actress, has
spent her entire teen life hidden from Satan’s soldiers. Since childhood,
this virgin has been trained in Holy Scripture, Sisterhood deeds and,
most crucial, the ways of a warrior.
In these times, Jesus’s brides must also be God’s servants, to fight as
His Angels did back in the Old Testament.
Today, on her 18th birthday, she completes her
Rite of Passage to become one of God’s Warriors!
Posted on June 5, 2015June 5, 2015Categories SoloLeave a comment on Sylvia Saint in STAIRWAY PINK
Sylvia Saint in HOT BATH
http://1sylviasaint.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Sylvia-Saint-Hot-Bath.mp4
This is part of a story featuring an art hentai image gallery of Sylvia Saint copied from XxxHentaiBabes.com:
It
proved easier than Satan had ever IMAGINED! He found that centuries of pent-up,
repressed sexuality BURST FORTH at
the first opportunity!
Although this was only the FIRST of his many Sister conquests, Satan found
that it was nearly ALWAYS this easy. A little screaming, a little objecting,
then — the moment his demonic
spurts poured down their throats —
— they became ready, willing, and able to serve his cause!
For hours…days…weeks…months his minions spread a swath of evil
across the world. THe Day of Judgement
became the YEAR the world ended as we knew it… …A.D. — anno domini,
In The Year Of Our Lord — became measured in years After
Satan…
…And all of Mankind’s pitiful efforts to retaliate against the spread
of ultimate evil across the landscape of the world
met with the same terrible fate. None but the evil could survive, it was
said. That belief was based on much TRUTH….
Posted on June 4, 2015June 5, 2015Categories BTSLeave a comment on Sylvia Saint in HOT BATH
Sylvia Saint Intro
Dear fellow visitors, this is a fan website of top porn-star babe Sylvia Saint! I really like this blond cutie from Europe and decided to design a simple website featuring solo movies of Sylvia’s a long with stories from XxxHorror.com, GalacticGirls.com, xxxSpaceGirls.us and BabeCenterfolds.com.
Sylvia Saint as Sex Nun
Here is a quote of a story from XxxHorror.com:
The
future: 2083. The World has been stricken with sin!
A disease of vampirism has swept the
streets when Satan entered the World
during the hours of Judgment Day 2080. He liked what he saw, and decided
to stay!
According to Myth, Satan’s greatest triumph was the creation of Hell, a
Kingdom to rival God’s own…
— yet in truth, Satan’s greatest triumph was in persuading humanity that
he didn’t exist….
…And when Judgement Day opened the door for his arrival, in the streets
of L.A. outside Mount DeChantel Girl’s Academy, he let the truth be known
in his own way.
He had been watching. He had seen it ALL from his throne in the fiery pits
of Hell. He watched as supposedly innocent girls teased their boyfriends
to beyond the bring.
He studied them as virgin girls applied
their lips and tongues, and eagerly stroked their male classmates’ members
to release.
He revelled as sweet young things brought each other to climax between between-class
puffs of cigarettes and purging their lunches.
And when he realized the proper way that humanity was ripe for his direct
and total control…
Posted on May 7, 2015June 4, 2015Categories Uncategorized2 Comments on Sylvia Saint Intro
Proudly powered by WordPress