https://www.a-degrader.tumblr.com
Degrader
Degrader
Archive
Subscribe
Message Me
Submit to Me
slavecunts deserve only pain, sexual frustration, and constant humiliation. They are not worthy of respect, love, or mercy and should be used, abused, degraded, and exploited.
Any cunts who derive pleasure and joy from My tumblr should offer Me thanks and praise.
Disclaimer:
If you are under 18yrs old, please do not follow or peruse this Tumblr.
Disclaimer (thanks to The Code: 831): All images, unless otherwise noted, were taken from the Internet and are assumed to be in the public domain. In the event that there is still a problem or error with copyrighted material, the break of the copyright is unintentional and noncommercial and the material will be removed immediately upon presented proof.
12th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Top and Bottom with 116 notes
How to make a nasty whore look more beautiful.
Source: mastersimurg
12th January 2016
Photoset reblogged from The Rape God with 272 notes
rapecloset88:Training idea
A good one.Dumb inferior cunts should hurt themselves for the amusement of superior Men, don’t you agree, cuntscum?
Source: exgfgallery
11th January 2016
Photo reblogged from CompletelyDenied with 182 notes
thefiftyshadesofme13:
This looks identical to the cage I sleep in every night, the only difference being a thin padding at the bottom. I’m not permitted to have any type of blanket; I must sleep naked and uncovered at night. That’s taken some time to get used to and even still, I struggle at times, mostly when it’s cold.
A slavebitch should be kept in discomfort to reinforce on the dumb servile cunt its utter inferiority. Insulted, debased, denied, hurt, and exploited regularly as well, of course. It’s only right.
Source: dirtykarissa
11th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Fed Bitches: Women Fed Like Dogs with 269 notes
Some stupid bitches make a mess of everything. When they do, not only should the idiot animal be pussywhipped to enlighten the pea-brained whore, but it should be required to lick its mess off the floor as well.
10th January 2016
Photo reblogged from CompletelyDenied with 243 notes
thefiftyshadesofme13:
I’m caged every night, but our dog is allowed to sleep wherever he wants.
Of course. A dog should be allowed more freedom than vile useless cuntscum.
Source: dirtykarissa
10th January 2016
Video reblogged from Bondage, domination & anal sex with 142 notes
I’m not sure how this lowly animal could ever thank this Man enough for being so generous and giving to the useless bitch.
9th January 2016
Photo reblogged from CompletelyDenied with 1,167 notes
thefiftyshadesofme13:
possessive-daddy:
Over the bed is not for pets.
I’m not allowed on any of the furniture in our house. I have one of those pillow type dog beds that I’m occasionally allowed to sit on if there is something special going on but only if I’ve been really good that day. Mostly, I sit or kneel on the floor and I sleep in a cage every night at the end of his bed.
Of course. Filthy beasts like you shouldn’t be allowed to dirty up the furniture.
Source: possessive-daddy
9th January 2016
Photo reblogged from kellie's Tumblr with 38 notes
Filthy disgusting whores should be washed clean after being pissed on and eating out superior Manly ass. With ice cold water because discomfort reminds lowly trash of their place.
Source: jsboundgirls
8th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Your Pett with 415 notes
your-pett:
a-degrader:
It’s always fun to see a useless cunt struggle. The stupid bitch needs to learn that it is always at the mercy of superior Men, and that everything is a gift to undeserving scum like itself that it has to work hard for. Food, piss for drinking; even air.
Air is a gift us cunts have to earn. If we pass out before we finish pleasing you, we should be beaten as punishment once we come to.
Indeed. You should have hot sauce rubbed on your worthless clit and slapped awake if you pass out, failing cuntscum.
Source: slavemymaster
8th January 2016
Photo reblogged from rim Job Fascination* with 218 notes
rimjobfascination:
Kiss his ass <3
This is how a filthy inferior piece of cuntscum should properly thank and worship a superior Man.
7th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Maree's Kinks with 166 notes
Slavecunts should be starved as well as tortured (as well as perpetually denied, insulted, and exploited) to instill in them the proper respect and admiration for the superior Male gender.
Source: masochistictendencies
6th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Use me. Abuse me. with 3,253 notes
itw4skaty:
cockvom:
itamefemales:
Prevent female masturbation : make the clitoris always painful.
Made me think of @itw4skaty
it’s for my own good.
Indeed. This is a Man doing a vile cunt a favor.
Source: torturepain
6th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Fed Bitches: Women Fed Like Dogs with 551 notes
Such a comfortable spacious home for an inferior undeserving dog.
Source: puppy-girls
5th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Chloroform Girl with 814 notes
When a superior Man deigns to marry a cunt, the lowly guttermeat should have to provide value to Him right away. In this case in the form of the bridal gown He sold so that He could buy some whores to use for the night while He ties up this trashpig on the bridge railing, open to use by any passers-by (such a considerate Man!) On their honeymoon, the wife should satisfy His every need while finding Him additional cuntholes to fuck, cleaning up for Him afterwards and being degraded and hurt for His enjoyment while never being allowed to cum.
Source: the-kiss-of-iron
5th January 2016
Photo reblogged from Fuck Me Like a Whore with 1,247 notes
Remember that, cuntscum.
Source: shedoesntenjoyit
Page 1 of 118
← Previous page
•