https://www.abdominalfetish.tumblr.com
Abdominal Fetish
Home
Ask me anything
Archive
Mobile
RSS
Abdominal Fetish
Photoset
December 17, 2015
506 notes
schoggibear:
An extract of a fantasy chat with this amazing guy! One of the bests I’ve seen!
Posted with his permission.
Him: so what would you do to me?
Schoggibär: I would really love to push soft things into your gut. Making you keep them in there and then deeply knead your stuffed abdomen :3
Him: What you mean push soft things into my belly?
Schoggibär: Like.., Many boiled eggs. Carefully pushing them into your abdomen through your bum, while you’re all on fours. Once by one, you’ll feel them going down. Sliding until they reach the lower belly. I’d push as many as I can until your belly is all round and stuffed. Then I’d make you do some abs work out. Like crunches or something like that so the eggs start rolling inside you, up and down, from side to side.  And then I’d massage that egg-filled gut and finally I would impale you with my dick and mash them up inside you as I fuck you, compressing them inside your gut and making your belly gurgle a lot.
Once I shoot my big load inside you and fill you up a bit more with thick cum, I’d do several deep, intense, shower-hose inflations to clean up your insides.
Inflate and deflate until you’re all clean but beware, because they will be long and slow! ;)
Him: Fuck yes!
Schoggibear: I would even love to prepare a special mixture. Like something heavy. Maybe some jello or cake batter to make that gut heavy and hard. Maybe if you keep the jello inside, it will solidify a bit ;)
Him: What about some mashed potatoes or any other foods. Like you pump me so much that my gut starts to get lumpy! I’d be tied up so I’ll have to take it!
© Schoggibear
HOT HOT HOT!
Tags: mpreg mpreg belly belly inflation abdominal fetish belly fetish abdominalfetish belly expansion
Photoset
October 27, 2015
144 notes
Guy gets his belly button poked, fingered and teased and then his abs worshiped and tested with some crunches and finally some electro stimulation, making his abdominal muscles contract.
Tags: electro abs navel fetish belly button fetish navel poke gay abs gay navel six pack abs Sixpack abs lower abs muscle worship abs worship abdominalfetish abdominal fetish navel fingering
Photoset
October 26, 2015
30 notes
Swimmers making out in the shower and one plays with the other’s abs.
Tags: abs gay abs speedo abs gay swimmers oiled abs belly button fetish navel fetish abs fetish gay speedo muscle worship navel lick belly button lick abdominal fetish abdominalfetish
Photoset
October 26, 2015
11 notes
Let’s torture some “tough” abs with a tens unit!
Tags: abs six pack abs abs muscles electro abs abs torture abs fetish electro stimulation abs BDSM abs shock gut punch mpreg abdominal muscles abdominal abdominalfetish abdominal fetish
Photo
October 09, 2015
243 notes
needsize:
That gut. Woof!
John McDunkin
Mpreg Gut! ;)
Tags: mpreg mpreg belly mpreg gut muscle gut roid gut abdominalfetish
Photoset
September 28, 2015
411 notes
schoggibear:
Inflated belly play
A good friend made a special video for these gifs ^^
He inflated his belly with water while taking a shower and then played with his full soapy belly. *O* HOT as f*ck! x3
Soft and tender.
Tags: belly inflation mpreg mpreg belly navel poke navel fetish belly button water belly inflation gay inflation male inflation male belly inflation abdominalfetish abdominal fetish
Photoset
September 21, 2015
176 notes
Tags: muscle worship abs worship navel fetish belly button fetish six pack six pack abs sexy abs gay japanese gay muscle prostate milking oiled abs oiled up abs fetish abdominal fetish Abdominal Massage
Photoset
September 21, 2015
39 notes
A hot asian swimmer gets teased by his coach who starts oiling up and feeling his six pack abs and some more…
Tags: six pack abs abs fetish navel fetish sexy abs lower abs muscle worship abs worship gay swimmer speedo guy abdominal muscles abdominal fetish oiled up gay abs belly button belly button fetish
Photoset
September 21, 2015
38 notes
Tease the swimmer’s six pack! ;)
Tags: six pack abs navel fetish abs fetish belly button fetish swimmer abs gay swimmer Speedo Guy muscle worship abs worship abdominal fetish veiny abs lower abs sexy abs
Photo
September 10, 2015
2,005 notes
Mpreg fuck~(Source: eurobeef)
Tags: mpreg mpreg belly bloated belly mpreg fuck abdominal fetish
Photoset
September 10, 2015
195 notes
schoggibear:
Forced water belly inflation with a fire hose
A nerdy guy is captured by some sort of “monster family” and pushed down onto a table. One of the monsters tries to make him drink massive quantities of water by shoving the fire hose into the guy’s mouth but he fails. Then they proceed to turn the guy over to pull down his pants to shove the firehose into his bum. The poor guy struggles but nothing will work. The strong water stream starts filling him up, making his belly blow up rapidly as a water balloon. He keeps struggling but won’t set free. His belly finally explodes.
Tags: belly inflation water inflation gay belly inflation abdominal fetish belly fetish gay enema belly burst mpreg mpreg belly
Photoset
September 05, 2015
136 notes
Instant belly inflation.A hot guy is belly-inflated by a crazy doctor through his belly button and then makes him inflate himself while he checks his distended tummy.Guy is tied up to a bed by an intruder who then proceeds to fill him with oxygen.
Tags: belly inflation male inflation mpreg mpreg belly belly bloat gay belly inflation air inflation abdominal fetish belly button fetish abdominal muscles instant inflation
Photo
July 21, 2015
425 notes
schoggibear:
Milk bellyUploaded this upon request from my buddy :)Seems like he got pumped with lots of milk!!! His gut is so full and round. I wonder if we could hear the milk slosh inside. Looks so stuffed and pregnant!Should we fill him up even more? ;)
Tags: mpreg mpreg belly inflated belly belly inflation beer gut abdominal fetish swollen belly round belly
Photo
July 01, 2015
217 notes
schoggibear:
When you’re about to burst or… give birth? xD© Schoggibär 🐻
Tags: mpreg mpreg belly mpreg gut abdominal fetish cumflation belly inflation
Photoset
June 28, 2015
32 notes
Gut claw - abs claw
Tags: mpreg gut claw abs claw gut punch lower abs abs torture six pack torture abs fetish abdominal fetish
Next »
About
In this blog, you will find specially
stuff about abs/bellies fetish. It can include belly inflation Gut Punch, gut stabbing, navel/belly button fetish, abdominal exams, etc.
Anything that involves the abdominal area of the male body whether it's a six-pack, a belly or a gut.
Have a look and enjoy.
Cheers.
The Abdominal Fetish Crew.
"Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use."
Powered by Tumblr. Minimal Theme designed by Artur Kim.