https://www.abgirlsindiapers.tumblr.com
AB Girls In Diapers
AB Girls In Diapers
The cutest Adult baby girls and diaper lovers!
Don’t miss the sale! 7 messy diaper clips for the price of one!!!
Find the download HERE
2 years ago -
5
Spend Over $100 in our store this week, and get your choice of TWO free movies! (up to the value of $30 total)
Email you receipt, along with your choice of movies to support@wetset.net
2 years ago -
205
Two Horny Girls With Two Messy Diapers!
Danni and Jessie are upacking the car on a warm summer day at the beach! It’s so hot today and the girls are in a colourful pair of short little sundresses.
The girls test out the water, dipping their toes in and wading in the shallows. “It’s like pee, it’s so warm!” Jessie says as she splashes by the shore.
That mention of pee makes Danni remember the surprise she’s got in the car. “Stay there,” she tells Jessie and ducks back into the car to fetch the diapers she’s got stashed there. She hides them behind her back, then presents them to her friend who cheers and buries her nose in the soft, clean diaper.
Both girls change in to their diapers right by the roadside. They’ve got so bold about their love of diapers that they really don’t care who sees! Jessie starts to pee right away, the stream hissing as it fills up the diaper! Jessie rubs the soaked lining, liking the feel of the pissy diaper against her pussy.
Diapers on, the girls try to find a good place to set up their blanket and umbrella. They both look so cute in their little sundresses with their crisp white diapers poking out from underneath!
Jessie suddenly starts to feel some cramps in her belly. She’s got to phewp! She clutches her tummy. She’s going to have to make a mess of her diaper! If Jessie’s going to mess in her diaper, then Danni isn’t going to be left out. She bends over and starts to push some out, as well as some noisy farts that Jessie laughs at. Danni opens up the legband to show Jessie the big load nestled inside!
Jessie bends over and Danni starts to rub her ass through the diaper as she pushes her huge load out into it! “It’s such a big phewp!” she says. “I can feel it!” says Danni, smacking her girlfriend on the ass. “You need my help? You want me to stick my finger in your ass?” Danni pokes a finger right inside Jessie’s messy diaper to feel the phewp literally coming out of Jessie’s ass!
Danni peeks inside Jessie diaper to see the big load inside. Then both girls sit down on a bench, squishing their messy loads against their bottoms! The feel of it squishing between their asses and the tight diaper makes them both feel very horny! The two dirty girls start to rub their pussies through the messy diapers. They spy a man on the wharf close by, but that doesn’t stop them from kissing and rubbing each others messy diapers openly! Jessie crouches between Danni’s legs, masturbating her girlfriend’s throbbing pussy, spreading the mess further around inside her tight diaper! Jessie then straddles Danni, rubbing her own messy diaper up and down Danni’s legs. Danni more and more turned on by the minute reaches up and plays with Jessies tits as she feels the squelsh of Jessies messy diaper carresing her bare legs.
After lots of horny diaper fun the girls head down to the water, waddling in their heavy, dirty diapers. After a quick messy diapered dip they slip their diapers off on the shore. The girls compare their loads and then dump their diapers by the rocks for someone to find later on. They splash into the water to clean off their dirty bottoms!
Download the clip HERE
2 years ago -
30
Getting Off In My Room Mates Diapers!
Ally wakes up to find her new room mate has already gone out. She sneakily heads into her housemates bedroom, and starts to snoop through the cupboards. Right away she comes across a stack of adult diapers! Oh my god! Ally laughs, but as she fingers the fresh diapers, she starts to wonder how it might feel to wear one…
Stripping off all her clothes, she selects one of the nicest-looking diapers and fastens it snugly around her slender hips. She climbs onto the bed and looks at herself in the mirror, posing with her puffy, diapered bottom poking out. She thinks she looks quite sexy, to be honest!
She starts to touch herself through the diaper, noticing how nice it feels as the soft lining brushes gently across her pussy. Her pussy starts to tingle as she stokes more, rubbing her hard little nipples too. She wonders how it might feel if she pissed in the diaper, so she lets a gush of pee out. It feels amazing, the hot piss soaking into the lining! She lays back and thrusts a hand inside the diaper, fumbling in the tight space between her pussy and the drenched diaper lining.
It feels so good that soon Ally is cumming, her pussy exploding inside the wet diaper! Who knew wearing and wetting a diaper could feel so amazing?
She slips the soaked diaper off, dropping the heavy thing to the floor, then goes back to the cupboard and grabs another one. She cleans her piss and cum-dripping pussy, then slips into the fresh diaper. She can’t decide what she likes more, the feeling of a new clean diaper or of a nice wet one! She might need to sneak a few more diapers from her new roommate to figure it out!
Download the clip HERE
2 years ago -
53
Messy Diapered Halloween!
I’m all dressed up for Halloween and looking very hot! My thick white diaper pokes out from under the VERY little dress and crinkles as I move around making me feel extremely horny already!
Ready to leave the house I feel I need to phewp. Of course I did it right there and then, pushing the whole load out in to my diaper. I go so much that my diaper bulges and I can feel the squishy mess spreading in to the leg bands trying to find a space to nestle.
After lots of sexy messy fun in my diaper, I leave to go trick or treating but not before I give someone a great Halloween surprise!
Download The Clip HERE
2 years ago -
48
Ally Fucked In Her Messy Diaper!!
Ally’s boyfriend has just woken up to find that she’s pissed the bed again! And this time, she’s not just wet the sheets, but she’s pissed all over him too! There’s a big wet patch on his underwear. He wakes her up, pulling the covers off to show her the wet spot on the bed. “You’ve pissed the bed again. Third time this week! And this time you pissed all over me!”
Ally says that she’s very sorry, but her boyfriend isn’t going to put up with being pissed on!
“If you are going to act like a baby, I’m going to treat you like a baby.” He reaches into the cupboard and pulls out a diaper. Ally looks shocked and tells him that there’s no way she’s going to wear it, but her boyfriend isn’t hearing it. He grabs her and pulls off her panties as she struggles. She’s going to wear the diaper whether she likes it or not!
Ally gets very mad as he puts the diaper on her, and tries to undo the tapes as he fixes the diaper on nice and tight. He turns Ally over and grabs some ties, then ties poor diapered Ally to the bed! She struggles but he’s not having it. He leaves her to think about what she’s done.
“You have to untie me. I have to go to the toilet!” Ally cries out “The toilet is here! That’s why you have a diaper on.” is her firm answer!
But Ally doesn’t have to pee, she’s got to p*00p and she doesn’t want to do it in a diaper! Ally struggles against the ties, wriggling as her tummy starts to ache. She can’t hold it any more! Soon a huge mess is filling up her diaper and to Ally’s surprise, it actually feels good in there! The big, warm load squishes against the tight diaper and against her ass. She wriggles her ass, squishing the hot mess further and making the diaper pull nice and tight over her tingling pussy.
Her boyfriend comes back in and is hit with the smell right away. “Hey what are you doing? This is disgusting!” He says. Ally can’t hide how horny she is, and keeps rubbing her pussy into the bed. He’s shocked to see how turned on she is, but starts to get a bit horny himself to see Ally being such a dirty girl. He reaches over and presses the load inside her diaper. “Your really turned on by this, aren’t you?” He starts to rub her messy pussy through the diaper.
“Oh, fuck me,” Ally moans. He tells her to push her ass up in the air. He can see the load inside her diaper pressing out and he rubs it, pushing the mess around inside. He rips a hole in the messy diaper, and slips his fingers inside her dripping pussy. He finds her clit and starts to rub it furiously.
“Oh, I’m cumming,” Ally cries, but he stops just before she does. Little Ally still needs to be punished for pissing on him, then making her diaper all dirty.
Ally begs for more she’s so excited, and her pussy is throbbing! It’s not long before Ally is being fucked hard and fast in her very messy diaper!
Download the clip HERE
2 years ago -
36
Messy Diaper Hostage!!
Jessie is so tired of Danni messing around with her boyfriends, so when she spots Danni walking down the street with her boyfriend’s arm round Danni’s waist she totally lost it. After screeching the car to a stop she’d pushed Danni inside and in a moment of madness drove Danni back to her apartment where she tied her up very tightly and gagged her.
Poor Danni can hardly move! She tries to get up but with her legs bound, she quickly falls back down! Danni lays there sobbing and begging Jessie to stop this. When Jessie comes back into the room waving around a big pair of scissors panic really sets it. Jessie waves them around with a crazy look in her eye and then begins to run them through Danni’s long hair.
“I wonder if chopping all your hair off would be enough payback” Jessie says “I wonder what you’d look like if I actually shaved your head completely!”
Danni is beside herself, she has never seen this side of Jessie before and it’s scary to say the least. Danni sobs, begging Jessie to leave her alone. She doesn’t know if it’s the fear but she’s becoming desperate to pee!
“So you like to steal other girls toys?” Jessie asks her with a crazy look in her eyes “You do know don’t you, that only B@BIES steal other peoples toys!”
“Please Jessie! Let me go” Danni cries out as she wriggles around desperetely on the couch “Just untie me so I can pee, please Jessie, I really need to go, I’ll do anything you say I promise!”
When Jessie walks out of the room, Danni is sure that Jessie is going to make sure she gets the satisfaction of making her piss her pants completely. She wriggles around and tenses every muscle to hold her bursting bladder. But when Jessie walks back in the room, she’s carrying a diaper!
Danni screams and protests as Jessie rips off her underwear and pulls a thick white diaper between her legs, securing it tightly around her waist.
“Wet the diaper bitch!” Jessie barks at her. Danni really doesn’t want to but she can feel herself begining to leak in to the diaper. These little dribbles soon turn in to a huge full force pee, completely soaking it! The diaper swells between Danni’s thighs as this huge torrent of hot pee fills it right up!
With Danni in her soaked diaper, Jessie quickly pulls out her camera and starts snapping pictures of the horrified Danni!
“Smile for the camera” Jessie says mockingly!
Danni again begs for Jessie to let her go. Jessie smiles at Danni, she doesn’t think she’s been punished quiet enough and wants to see Danni’s butt sat in a big pile of mushy phewp, and knows just how she’s going to make it happen!
“If you complete my challenge, I’ll let you go” She tells her “If you don’t agree to it, then I’ll just leave you here for one of my house mates to find!”
Danni agrees, desperate to get out of this situation and quite willing to do anything. Jessie tells her how she’s going to give her a huge enema. Danni must take the whole bag and hold on to it for a full 10 minutes. If she can manage not to let anything go, then Jessie will untie her and let her release the dirty enema on the toilet. Danni not quiet realizing how big an amount a whole bag takes thinks she’ll have no problem holding, and this drama will then be over.
Jessie fills the bag completely and the nozzle is soon up Danni’s butt. As more and more water is pumped inside her Danni begins to cramp. Once every drop of water is inside Danni, Jessie re diapers her. Danni paces round not knowing what to do with herself as the cramps intensify!
Suddenly Danni just loses it! Her body completely takes over and she begins to uncontrolably mess her diaper! Jessie smiles with satisfaction as she clearly hears it all squelching out! Danni’s diaper is absolulely bulging and now leaking. Jessie can see it can’t possibly hold any more and throws Danni another one to put on. The tapes on one side have already opened from the weight of whats in her diaper and Danni has to literally catch it as she untapes the other side. As soon as she has the diaper off she can feel her butt about to explode with phewp again! Not wanting to all over Jessies floor and make her even more furious, she quickly gets the new diaper on. As soon as the tapes are done up around her waist she farts loudly and another huge load of mess lands in her diaper. It’s so warm and squishy and quickly spreads all over her butt cheeks and pussy. More farts follow, and load ofter load of phewp. Jessie doesn’t think she’s seen anyone mess so much in all her life!
With the second diaper now also to bursting point Danni does a long squeeky fart as another load struggles to fit in to her bulging diaper. Danni moans as her stomach begins to cramp again, lots of farts follow and then lots more squelches that you can hear loudly as another load is released!
Danni stinks badly and is so humiliated that she begins to cry! Jessie has no sympathy at all and starts snapping the camera at Danni and her filthy diaper! Once Jessie is sure that Danni is humiliated enough, she tells her that she can get cleaned up while she uploads the pictures to her social network site! Danni is mortified as she takes off her diaper and begins the big job of getting cleaned up!
Find The Clip HERE
2 years ago -
37
First Diaper In Public
When Alayah wears her diaper out in public for the first time, she has no idea how turned on she’ll get. Just knowing that she has this little secret under her short skirt excites her, and she can’t resist flashing her puffy diapered bottom.
The lining of the diaper rubbing backwards and forwards against her pussy as she walks is making her feel so sexy! Alayah can’t resist finding a spot to soak her diaper and masturbate her very excited pussy!
Watch The Clip HERE
2 years ago -
27
Your Little Diaper Tease!!
I do a sexy strip tease revealing a thick puffy diaper under my clothes. I’m feeling so hot and I know you’re feeling horny too!
I wet my diaper and play with myself while you stroke your hard cock. I’m getting more and more excited and my pussy is already dripping juices in to my soaked diaper.
My breathing gets harder as I get closer to cumming. I want you to cum with me, I want you to cum as you watch me finger my pussy inside my wet , warm diaper, I want you to cum all over me!
Find The clip HERE
2 years ago -
34
Diapered Make Up And Make Out!
Jessie asks who Danni is chatting with on her phone, and Danni says it’s her mother. Jessie mentions that she heard from her ex boyfriend the other day, then, with a knowing grin, asks Danni if she’s heard from him since they broke up. Danni says no.
“Are you sure?” Jessie is totally on to Danni!
When Danni steps out for a second, Jessie hears Danni’s phone ring. It’s her ex boyfriend! Why is Danni talking to him? She looks at Danni’s phone and sees there are a bunch of messages from him! Has Danni been seeing her ex? Jessie is totally pissed! When Danni comes back in, she confronts her. Danni totally denies it! She tries to lie but Jessie is on to her. When Jessie walks by, Jessie hits her with a pillow! Danni picks one up too and they start having a fight, punctuating their words with big thumps with the pillows!
Jessie grabs Danni by the hair, then grabs a diaper and tells her to put it on! She pulls off Danni’s shorts and puts the diaper on her very tightly! Danni’s reaction to this is to grab another diaper and diaper Jessie too!
In their diapers they feel more sexy and relaxed rather than mad at each other. Danni and Jessie have always loved playing diaper games together.
“Can we be friends again?”
The girls both lean against the kitchen bench and start to pee their diapers. They start to get very sexy and rub each others pussies through their soaked diapers! Maybe Jessie wasn’t jealous of Danni seeing her ex, maybe she was jealous because she wants Danni all to herself!
Find The Clip HERE
2 years ago -
17
← Older
1 ⁄ 18
- Inkhorn theme powered by Tumblr -