https://www.abusemyfuckhole.tumblr.com
Use me. Abuse me.
Menu
Close
Home
Archive
Ask me anything...
Theme by safe as milk
Use me. Abuse me.
Break / end
Aaand, I’m taking another break from this tumblr. Possibly a permanent one.
I think if I keep wanting to take time away from it, it’s because, deep down, it’s a burden more than anything else.
How is blogging a burden, one might ask.
To begin with, when I started this blog, I was writing about the experiences I had with my dominant at the time. Long story short, I broke up with him and then it’s not that my sex life flatlined (ahah no no), it’s just that I didn’t feel like sharing any stories about him and I (I think it’s pretty obvious why).
Then, I end up just sharing articles from my newsfeed (or whatever it’s called) which is not at all bad but it’s not what I wanted for this blog. Look at me being all “I had better plans for you, my dear old pal!!” Yes, it might sound stupid for some people, I get that, but it’s nonetheless true.
I wanted to do something personal with this blog, and it turned out to be very impersonal. Very #firstworlproblem yes, I know. But once you don’t feel like you’re giving 100% of yourself, is it worth it? It’s just like a relationship I guess (-uuuuh?!-).
Talking about relationships, thank you for those who followed me and messaged me and commented on my articles and so on. It sounds a little formal for a porn blog but hey, it may be the only time in my life I get some recognition for something I did (#imacomplimentwhorewhatcanisay).
Anyway, I don’t necessarily think we have a relationship per se cause, let’s be honest, I don’t know most of you, but… Maybe I like the idea what I did made someone happy [*wink* *wink*]. And yes, once again, I know this is a porn blog and not a new Harry Potter book or something… But hey if what’s her face got her 50 shades of bullshit published… There is hope for every single one of us, my friends.
Long story short, this blog is not making me happy anymore, I don’t enjoy publishing things anymore, so… I think I should stop it.
So long.
- abusemyfuckhole
abusemyfuckhole
goodbye
Nov 10, 2015
theruleset:
When she couldn’t hold still for her punishment, it became necessary to strap Ms. Manners down. Seeing her cunt drip as the belt left it’s mark drove me mad with lust, and I had no choice but to take her until I was finished.(starring special guest star please-and-thankyouus​)(via theruleset)
Nov 09, 2015
theruleset:
Tell Daddy how this makes you feel, piglet.
Nov 09, 2015
whorespain:
You wanted discreet.
(Source: therealskyeslut, via morsir)
Nov 09, 2015
itw4skaty:
cockvom:
itamefemales:
Prevent female masturbation : make the clitoris always painful.
Made me think of @itw4skaty
it’s for my own good.(Source: torturepain, via begginglittleslut)
Nov 09, 2015
:3(via dominantlife)
Nov 09, 2015
amanofmanyperversions:
Totally what @abusemyfuckhole needs !
Definitely(Source: fap.to)
Nov 09, 2015
masterofmindbodyandsoul:
ourlittlesecretlust:
knowing just what his lover secretly craves and desires….
Love how much she is dripping.
Nov 09, 2015
foxfoxo11:
movingmodelz:
Aidra Fox & Riley Reid
Raw eating is so great!
This reminds me of my ex… He could spend hours licking me and make me cum all over his face. The first time he licked my asshole, my pussy was literally dripping because it was so damn good. Plus, he would say degrading things such as “only an anal whore like you would enjoy getting her asshole licked.” I guess it’s true and being verbally abused only made my hungry cunt wetter.Getting your pussy and asshole licked is one of the most amazing things ever
Nov 08, 2015
vaginalchastity:
If you don’t have a chastity belt or piercings yet, there’s no acceptable excuse for you to not be doing this while you play with your ass to remind yourself that your cunt has no value or purpose in your pursuit of pleasure.
😍(Source: dontdowhatidodowhatisay)
Nov 07, 2015