https://www.acegals.com
Chat with 420sextime in a Live Adult Video Chat Room Now
Totally Free Live Sex Cams
CHAT ROOMS
BROADCAST YOURSELF
TAGS
LOGIN
SIGN UP
BlueCams Login
Please sign in using the form below
Username:
Password:
Keep me logged in:
Create Free Account
Forgot password?
NEXT CAM (CTRL-/)
SCAN CAMS
420sextime's Cam
FEMALE
MALE
COUPLE
TRANSSEXUAL
In order to chat while viewing this room on your iOS device, we recommend using the free
B-Line Browser. Click here to view this room in B-Line now.
Dismiss this message
Report Abuse
Choose a category:
---
Broadcaster is underage
Broadcaster is advertising
Broadcaster is abusive
Broadcaster is using alcohol or drugs
Broadcaster is using a toy that is too large
Broadcaster is asking for offline payments
Broadcaster is broadcasting in public
Broadcaster is broadcasting in service uniform
Broadcaster is sleeping
Broadcaster is wrong gender
Other
Additional Comments
(Required for category Other):
REPORT
CANCEL
REPORT ABUSE
JavaScript is required. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings.
You currently have:
0 tokens
Get More Tokens
Start Private Show
Processing . . .
Waiting for broadcaster
(cancel private show)
In private show
(leave private show)
Join Group Show (
0/
2)
Processing
Waiting for group (
0/
2)
(
cancel group show)
In group show (
0/
2)
(
leave group show)
SEND TIP
Send a tip
Purchase Tokens
Your current balance: 0 tokens
Enter tip amount:
Include an optional message:
Invalid tip amount!
CHAT (0)
USERS (-)
smile
SEND
Choose a category:
Just ignore this emoticon
Offensive
Disgusting
Fake Tip
Advertising
REPORT
CANCEL
My Bio
+ FOLLOW
Follow broadcasters to receive instant
notification of when they come online.
+ FOLLOW
- UNFOLLOW
SATISFIED?
91
99%
1
SATISFIED?
91
99%
1
After tipping 25 tokens in a day, you'll be able to vote regarding your satisfaction with 420sextime.
You have tipped 420sextime over 25 tokens today. Please share your feedback regarding your satisfaction with this broadcaster.
Your confidential vote regarding 420sextime has been recorded. You may change your vote at any time today. You can register another vote each day. Thank you for your feedback.
Active App:
None Selected
Choose an App
Bot #1:
None Selected
Choose a Bot
Bot #2:
None Selected
Choose a Bot
Bot #3:
None Selected
Choose a Bot
Suggest an App Idea
420sextime's Bio and Free Webcam
Real Name:420sextime
Followers:
44380
Birth Date:July 12, 1996
Age:19
Sex:Couple
Interested In:Men, Women, Transsexuals, Couples
Location:On the Edge, Canada
Last Broadcast:2 hours, 4 minutes
Language(s):English
Body Type:slim
Smoke / Drink:420 friendly
Pics & Videos:
199 TOKENS
Cute HD pictures ...
Watch us live
Screenshot
Icon
About Me:
New to BlueCams? Click Here!:
8=======8
Find us on Twitter, Tumblr, and MANYVIDSWishlist: http://www.amazon.ca/gp/registry/wishlis t/3TTKVT526265D
8=======8
FLASH MENUFlash Ass in Doggy...................100tksFlash Tits...................................75tksFlash Pussy..............................100tksFlash Dick.................................75tksFuck Pussy...............................1000tksOral Show.................................500tksFully Naked For Whole Show...500tks xxx :)
Or win any one of these prizes plus much more in our TOKEN KENO Show :)EVERY PRIZE is a WINNER during our TOKEN KENO SHOW! No "Try Agains", just lots of fun, and our goal is SEX!!!
8=======8
Hello! Welcome to our show and thanks for watching! We are two kinky stoner students madly in love who are looking to have a fun time on BlueCams. Keep an eye out for our 3d printed dildos and vibrators, he makes them from scratch with lots of love :) If you are unable to respect our rules and boundaries expect to be banned FOREVVVERRRR
FAQ: Love/sex couple?- We are a loving couple who has been dating for 5 years and we are madly in love with each other. We are not looking to include anyone else in our relationship or sex life off of BlueCams or in pvt for the time being. Do not ask, do not tell. Bi?- We like anyone who is nice! :) Sound?-No, our mic is broken on our laptop but you can buy our HD videos with sound on ManyVids. Do you show your face?-No we are both students of politics and we do not want to. PVT, C2C, can you watch my cam, ect...?-No we consider this a distraction from our show.
PM?-We prefer not to as we consider it a distraction from our show, so do not expect a reply. If you have any REAL offers over the amount we are offering in our show we may consider your request.
Age?- 19
8=======8
*RULES* (Prepare for repercussions if you break any rule) - Respect our bodies- Don't be a jerk!- No demands without tips- Tips do not save you from being banned/silenced (As long as you're not a jerk you should be great!)- Don't tell us how to run our show- No advertising your room/cam/ect..- No sound- No faces- No c2c, pvt, group shows, no we don't want to open your cam and watch you.- Don't be rude, overly demanding, mean, or aggressive- You can speak any language you want but we only understand English and French- Everyone is welcome, please don't bully anyone- No spamming- Don't ask to be a mod, we will ask you if you are friendly, respectful, nice, and not demanding.- Be friendly!
8=======8
Any UNAUTHORIZED use of our profile, videos, pictures or audio in any form or in a forum now or in the future is NOT permissible without our expressed written consent. Any act to promote or gain profit in any manner (e.g. either monetarily or socially) from the use of our profile, videos, pictures or audio in any form of our profile is a violation of our privacy and subject to legal action.BY WATCHING THIS: You acknowledge and agree that you shall not post, upload, publish, transmit or make available in any way content of this page including images and recording streamed live video available for download. This is intended as, and presented as a one time, live, one view presentation only.Penalties of Copyright Infringement: By reproducing, republishing or redistributing the work of a copyright holder without permission, you may be violating or infringing on his or her rights under the Copyright Act. The copyright holder may sue for compensation cost from $ 250 to $ 150,000 or one year jail sentence. Section 8: Your Use Of Content On The Site The Content accessed via the BlueCams website is owned by or licensed to BlueCams, subject to copyright & other intellectual property rights under the law. Content is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever.
Wish List:
Free Cams
Featured Cams
Female Cams
Male Cams
Couple Cams
Transsexual Cams
Free Cams by Age
Teen Cams (18+)
18 to 21 Cams
20 to 30 Cams
30 to 50 Cams
Mature Cams (50+)
Free Cams by Region
North American Cams
Other Region Cams
Euro Russian Cams
Philippines Cams
Asian Cams
South American Cams
Free Cams by Status
Exhibitionist Cams
HD Cams
Private Shows
Group Shows
Private Shows
6 Tokens per Minute
12 Tokens per Minute
18 Tokens per Minute
30 Tokens per Minute
60 Tokens per Minute
90 Tokens per Minute
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support
Law Enforcement
Billing
Delete Account
Apps
Contest
Affiliate Program
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright Bluecam.com 2011 - 2016. All Rights Reserved. Patent Pending. 74
Whitelabel powered by Chaturbate.com