https://www.acerogerz.tumblr.com
Daddy & His Cum Whore
Daddy & His Cum Whore
Menu
Ask me anything
Submit
Archive
NSFW / 18+..We are a normal couple that loves kinky fucking! All pictures and videos are ours unless otherwise noted. Please reblog, I love to show off my Cum Whore's talents. I WILL NOT SHARE CUM WHORE. CUM WHORE IS DADDY'S PROPERTY. ALL HOLES BELONG TO DADDY!
amanofmanyperversions:
@acerogerz are one of the best around when it comes philth :-)! Happy new year to them !
Thank you so much!
Daddy and Cum Whore hope you all had a hot and kinky 2015! Here is a fun cumpilation of Daddy feeding and filling Cum Whore! We hope you have a kinky 2016!
Daddy loves to unload in Cum Whore’s shit pipe!
Here is the slow motion of Cum Whore’s delicious anal creampie!
Daddy fucked Cum Whore’s ass and filled it with cum! This is such a hot anal creampie! Daddy has been trying to film this for a while and it finally came out they way I wanted!
Cum Whore loves Daddy’s fist! Cum Whore gaped nicely for Daddy!
Cum Whore loves when Daddy fists that asshole good!
Here are couple of stills and a gif of the second half of Daddy and Cum Whore’s playtime today……I’ll post the video tomorrow.
Daddy had some fun with Cum Whore this afternoon…..some forced orgasms, flogging and cropping were on the menu!
10,000 followers!
Wow, Daddy and Cum Whore want to thank everyone for the great notes and messages we have gotten. We really appreciate everyone that is following us….more fun kinky stuff to cum!!
Cum Whore’s beautiful rosebud!
Daddy loves When Cum Whore’s asshole shows that beautiful anal meat
Anonymous asked:
Any way that a long video can be uploaded?
All of our videos are on here. Tumblr only allows 5 minutes at a time to be uploaded.
Daddy owns Cum Whore’s shit pipe! I will fist it as I please and make that cunt squirt!
Here is the slow motion close up of Daddy filling Cum Whore’s forced open mouth with cum. I love watching the cum sling from her mouth!
Next page
Loading...
No More Posts
Load More Posts
Thank you for visiting!
© Daddy & His Cum Whore 2013–2016
Go Big Tumblr Theme by Precrafted