https://www.ackville.blogspot.com
Mindless Meanderings...
Mindless Meanderings...
I think, perhaps, that an 18+ rating "may" be appropriate here.
Mostly a journal of sorts for me, who knows what may be purged from the mind...heart... soul.
I abhor restrictions and prefer to just let my mind wander...
Wednesday, July 12, 2006
Come on Over
Well, I've finally finished moving EVERYTHING from Blogger to my new home at Live Journal.
It still looks a little wonky over there and I'll have to play around a bit, add links to my favourite blogs etc, but everything that was here on Mindless Meanderings, is now on Still Searching..., plus a few things more, such as photographs and more on my real life and the people in it.
Not terribly exciting, but it is me. Now don't forget (and I say this only because I've done it!), you must log into Live Journal to read the protected posts. Read the post below "Moving" for the long convoluted explanation.Come on over, pull up a chair, and stay awhile.
The more the merrier!
:-)
posted by Still Searching... at 12:09 AM
8 comments
links to this post
Monday, July 10, 2006
Moving
For any or all that may be interested, I am now moving my blog over to Live Journal.
My new home is located at http://searchingagain.livejournal.com/ .
I actually prefer Blogger in a lot of ways, but the advantage, for me, is that I will be able to "come out of the closet" (so to speak).
I've always been somewhat worried that I would be found out here on Blogger, but with Live Journal, I have the ability to lock posts and keep them only for my Blogger friends. To be able to read (or even see) the locked posts, you must have a Live Journal "id", then I have to "friend" you.
If I have "friended" you, you will be able to see anything locked.
But you DO have to be logged in.
They don't even appear as locked, you don't see that they exist at all if you're not logged in.
I made that mistake with Lili's blog, which I've been reading for awhile, but forgetting that I had to log in, and consequently have had much catching up to do! Many of my posts here on Blogger will be designated as friends only as I move them.
It's a long arduous process.
There is no way to move the whole blog at once, it's a cut and paste deal and so...until I get everything moved my posting will be somewhat erratic.
(Although, I'm actually putting quite a dent in it already). I'm still not sure if I'm happy with how it looks but I'll play around with that and hopefully eventually get it to something I can be happy with.
It's a very sharp learning curve after Blogger, but thanks to Lili , at least I know how to post pictures now.
I'll be linking to my favourite blogs too, so please be patient with me while I figure it all out, and don't be offended that your links aren't there yet. From now on, when I post (including the continuation of "Dean") it will be at my new digs on Live Journal.
Just in case you didn't get it... http://searchingagain.livejournal.com/.
;-DI sincerely hope that my new Blogger friends will come along for the ride.
I know it's a bit of a pain, new ID and logging in, and all that nonsense, but it does give me so much more freedom to write more about my everyday life (exciting as it is, LOL), pictures and all.
(Yes, I've posted a few pictures already). And don't forget, if you do come to visit, "friend" me and let me know you've done so, so I can "friend" you back and you'll have access to posts you won't even see in the sidebar.
My email will be the same as it is here:
ackville@hotmail.com
.Hope to "see" you soon!
posted by Still Searching... at 11:03 PM
7 comments
links to this post
About Me
Name:
Still Searching...
Location:
Somewhere in Canada
View my complete profile
ackville@hotmail.com
My Regular Reads
Strong Voices
And Then It's Dark
Buffalo's Path
Empathy
Erotica Lee 1
Redneck Nerdboy!
I Have Two Bellybuttons
The Madame X Files
Onward Thru The Fog
Screaming Secrets
Stripped
Tell Me Everything
Previous Posts
Come on Over
Moving
Archives
July 2006
© 2005-2006 Still Searching...
All Rights Reserved.
Nothing on this site may be reproduced in whole or in part without the express permission of the owner. -->
-->