https://www.acquiescentmaria.blogspot.com
Acquiescent MARIA your latina sub!!1 888 225 7179 ext. 766
Call me, Acquiescent Maria, Your Latina Sub! 1 888 225 7179 ext. 766!!
Make me yours, make me please you sexually and mentally. I am your new latina subbie who LOVES to please you and see you have pleasure.
I am very compliant and will do anything for you!! Call me to hear those 3 sweet words from my mouth --- "Yes My Master!"
Thursday, June 22, 2006
What a day.
I had me one hell of a call today. He let me wear a strap-on and boy did I have fun. I pushed him agaest the wall and pulled on his hair and took him up his ass fast and hard. Talk about some thing new. I really enjoyed that call.One hot Puerto Rican. I am anyone you want I do anything you please…http://www.drainurballz.com/maria.htm 1888-225-7179 ext. 766
posted by Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub! at 6:57 PM
0 comments
Thursday, June 15, 2006
I had a call that was sooo hot.
I was talking with this guy and he was telling my how he found his girlfriend, her best friend, her best friends boyfriend and his x and her boyfriend having sex yes his girlfriend was giving his x's boyfriend a blow job. THAT WAS HOT... Well he was there just looking shocked. I asked him why didn't he just join in. He said because it was his girlfriend giving anther guy a blow job. Oh come on wouldn't you have joined in? I know I would have. Man I don't get it.
Call Maria 1-888-225-7179 ext.766www.drainurballz.com/maria.htm
posted by Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub! at 7:23 AM
0 comments
Friday, June 09, 2006
I am just trying things out. Just wanted to see how my pic. looks here maybe I will post it on all my post.
posted by Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub! at 3:18 PM
0 comments
Today I went for a walk part 2
So as I was saying I was enjoying myself when I hear all these trucks honking.
When I looked up I see they are seeing us and making tums up signs. I just laughed. That’s when he said want to go to the beach. Well I love the beach so I said yes. A few minutes after we got there we started having the best sex ever in the water with the sun shinning down on us. There I was with my legs rapped around him. We were really going at it when we hear all this cheering on. Not only did some of the truck drivers follow us but so did some of the people that saw us on the road. There were a lot of men and some women. Before I could say anything my new friend (sorry can’t remember his name hehe) Pulled me out of the water and put me on my knees pulled my ass up into the air. Pushed his big beautiful dick into my mouth. And before I knew it this man was sticking his dick up my ass. Well let me tell you that did hurt as I wasn’t ready so I let out a little scream. That’s when this chick came into the picture. I don’t even know how she did this. But before I knew what was happening she was all over my pussy just kissing and licking away. I still don’t know how she did it.This is going to long. After all I went for a walk at about 7:30 am and got back home at 10:pm. Yes I did get to please a lot of men and some women too. Oh don’t forget you can always reach me at www.drainurballz.com/maria 1-888-225-7179 ext. 766 Always ready to serve or whatever turns you on.If you want to know more call me.
posted by Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub! at 12:47 PM
0 comments
Wednesday, June 07, 2006
Today I went for a walk.
Today when I got up the last thing on my mind was sex. I decided to go for a long walk. It looked like rain was coming but it was so nice and cool. I went out for my walk. Well after I had walked for about an hour. It started to get really hot and sticky. I had about an hour to walk to get back home. Just as I was thinking I shouldn’t have taken this walk. This guy I know (well I don’t really know him but I have seen him around) well anyway. He asked me if I wanted a ride home. I said no I don’t want to go home and so he asked me where would I like to go. I said anywhere you want to take me. I like to make men happy and am always ready to please. So I got into the car and we started to drive off when I saw the biggest bulge I have ever seen. On anyone and I will tell you I have seen many. Sooo as he is driving I had to see what was under his pants. I leaned over and opened his shorts. He said wait a minute what are you doing? I said am sorry master. He then said mister I’m not that old for you to call me mister. I said not mister master. No I don’t go around calling everyone my master. My masters have always earned that title. But the bulge in his pants made me think how I do so want him for a master. If only for a day thats when he said it was ok to do what I was doing he just didn’t expect it. He said I took him by surprise. So now that I had his ok I took that lovely wonderful looking cock and put it right into my month. I began sucking when he almost crashed his car. Now that was exciting. I then kept sucking his big hard cock till I heard trucks blowing there horns. That’s when I saw that the truck drivers were looking at what we were doing.
Someones at the door. I gotta run. More on this tomorrow. If I don't go off to the beach. I also speck Spanish.Oh don’t forget you can always reach me at www.drainurballz.com/maria.htm 1-888-225-7179 ext. 766
posted by Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub! at 7:12 PM
0 comments
Tuesday, June 06, 2006
~~Cumming soon!!
Maria, the Latina Submissive!!~~
Hello, My name is Maria and I am the newest Addition to www.drainurballz.com .
I am the submissive of the bunch who loves to be dominated by YOU, my potential MASTER.
I am here for your use, your pleasure and your fantasies.Please, if you accept me to be the one to please you and to obey your every command, I can be reached at 1 888 225 7179 ext 766.
You can also see my submissive ways and photos at CLICK HERE TO SEE MY PAGE
posted by Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub! at 2:03 AM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
Acquiescent Maria, YOUR Latina Sub!
Location:
Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico
My name is Maria and I am very compliant when it comes to my Lovers and male acquiantances. I live to please dominatin, successful men who have sexual fantasies about forcing little sluts to do anything they desire.
Your pleasure is my satisfaction.
I AM HERE TO PLEASE YOU, I AM YOURS MY MASTER.
View my complete profile
MY LINKS & CONTACT INFO
MY SUB DOMAIN
MESSAGE ME ON YAHOO
(YAHOO:acquiescentmaria)
MESSAGE ME ON AIM
(AIM:AcquiescentMaria)
EMAIL ME
(maria@drainurballz.com)
MY FETISH FRIENDS
SEDUCTRESS CHARISSE
MADAM MATEJA
FETISH PHONE SEX NUMBERS
PHONE SEX SLUTS
MY BARELY LEGAL PHONE SEX FRIENDS
CHARISSE'S BEDROOM
WEB DESIGNING SITES
RKL HOSTING/DESIGNS
DESIGNS BY LOVIES
Previous Posts
What a day.
I had a call that was sooo hot.
I am just trying things out. Just wanted to see h...
Today I went for a walk part 2
Today I went for a walk.
~~Cumming soon!!
Maria, the Latina Submissive!!~~...
Archives
June 2006
BLOG DUMPS
Adult Blog Directory
Adult Blog Spider
Porn Blog Catalog
Quality Adult Blogs
Sex Blog Hunter
Twisted Blogs
Adult Blog Turtle
Porn Blog Dog
Porn Blog Rabbit
Porn Blog World
Sexblog Demon
Pornblog Finder
Sex Blog Dump
Sex Blog Pussy
Sex Blog Zilla