https://www.actionfreeporn.com
ActionBuddy
HomeArchiveRandomRSS feedMobile
ActionBuddy
Ask
Submit
NSFW! . NO MINORS! - Be of Legal Age of Consent for your location to follow my blog or view its posts. Leave now if you are not of legal age, or offended by images of penises, and men masturbating them.
The material appearing in this blog was all found on the Internet, mostly reblogged from other Tumblr blogs, and assumed to be in the public domain. I claim no credit for the pictures or videos posted on this blog. No copyrights infringements intended. If you own an image or video that you see here, and would like me to remove it, whether or not it is copyrighted, please contact me to let me know, and I will do so immediately.
This blog is for and about ADULT males, and is focused on the pleasures of male masturbation. Interesting, sexy, preferably amateur, "quality" pics and videos, rather than "quantity"... Leave now if that does not appeal to you. The captions are 99% fictional, if not delusional, and are meant to inspire or entertain you. Quality over quantity.
NONE OF THE PHOTOS OR VIDEOS ARE OF ME, other than my Levi's 501's crotch-shot Avatar pic.
My blog champions the acts and enjoyment of male masturbation, frottage, and mutual masturbation amongst friendly men, as a sexual preference... Featuring amateur, as well as iconic images of natural, intact, unshaven, well-hung men of all ages (18+), and videos of horny guys playing with their own cocks, and mutually with their horny friends.
Not just another boring pretty-faced/butt-fuck blog... Click on my Archive, and find some great male masturbation pics and videos. My aesthetic seems to be working for over
41,000+ Tumblr Followers and many more that keep it bookmarked.
Doing my best, daily, to bring an end to the horrid malpractice of infant circumcision, and the scourge of the pube-shaving fad!
ActionBuddy likes:
Cock-proud men, foreskins, full-on frottage, unshaven bush,
precum, facials, mutual masturbation, and circle jerks. My blog is about sharing
powerful male sexual energy, without degrading one another, or "hiding the sausage"... But, I also appreciate hot butts! Also, I post things that make me laugh, or awestruck, and often write tongue-in-cheek captions for them. Expect social commentary.
Bi-sexual?... Yes, I like both men AND lads... 18 and up!... Young to mature, smooth to hairy, lean to beefy... it's all good on my couch. Intact and unshaven is what appeals to me the most.
All races and "types" appreciated, so, if you are a bigot, go elsewhere!
I post sexy pics and videos of men of all
types, races, ages, and sizes, in the act of enjoying their awesome cocks, or each others', mutually as friends, and in groups. Hot sex is about joy, not derogation.
Seeking out non-commercial, amateur videos and pics of men and lads jacking off together, real life dad and son, brother and brother, uncle and nephew videos, and non-anal male-on-male bukkake.
I prefer natural, unshaven guys that just like to show off, and don't give a fuck what their hair looks like when they are jackin' their meat.
Outdoor or public scenes, and real-life messy bedrooms are way more appealing to me than fancy, tidy, interior decorator abodes preferred by the gay porn industry. I believe that "flawlessness" is overrated, and perfectionism is a mental illness!... Think about it.
On that line, I'm not much into Porn Stars, especially with their overly-coiffed hair and sadly, missing pubes. Those fake, pouty-lipped, come-hither, perfectly unattainable model pics that you see 1,000's reblog every day, bore me to death. I'll rarely watch or reblog the typical porn industry "top and bottom" flicks with endless butt-fuck scenes mired by ridiculous amounts of phony moaning and dialog. Those "gay-for-pay, "thugs", and fake "broke-straight-guys" genres, are kinda a yawn these days, but, will reblog some if they get me hard.
Large, uncut, unshaven cocks grab my attention first... Can't deny that!.... I prefer mutual masturbation, and frottage, more than penetrative sex. Seeking images of men masturbating with each other, and rubbing their cocks on each other, more than oral and anal sex.
I'm especially interested in guys that have fun, proudly showing off their cocks, and masturbation techniques, unhurried, with buddies, or on their webcams.
Cam2cam is a great thing... It's a new Sexual Revolution!... Nobel Peace Prize for the inventors of the Webcam!
My posts and reblogs will reflect my preference for imaginative, free-will, QUALITY, amateur smut.
Only interested in consensual sexual material.
You are welcome to send me messages, pics and videos here or via email at :
actionbuddy@gmail.com
Natural, intact, unshaven cocks preferred! Sorry, I no longer publish submissions with shaved crotches... Grow 'em back and try again!
I hope my Tumblr makes your cock hard, and my comments make you chuckle, or say "Ah-men!"!
ActionBuddy
Anthagio Themplicity
David Bowie: “Heroes”, live in Berlin 1987. The song that helped bring down the Wall. - A #1 hit from the 1977 album: ”Heroes”.
01.13.16 ♥ 5
Source
Camera: Olympus FE210,X775Aperture: f/3.1Exposure: 1/60thFocal Length: 6mmExif Data
Zoom
loopez:
Sunstroke.
01.13.16 ♥ 92
Reblogged
Curver du Jour!
01.11.16 ♥ 2121
Reblogged
The “Index Finger, Thumb, & Foreskin” method.
01.10.16 ♥ 919
Source   Reblogged
actionbuddy:
Cam-Lad du Jour!… Even without a cum shot, he is worth watching on repeat… Gorgeous, natural body, huge cock, foreskin and bush intact, strong, prominent nose, sexy lips, and hot nips!… I hope I find more by him.
01.10.16 ♥ 13
Reblogged
On the hot sands of a Greek isle, a volcano erupts!
01.10.16 ♥ 3
Hung, handsome hunk, jerks-off, cums, and then shows off some more.
01.10.16 ♥ 8
Nice to see a cop’s cam that isn’t about killing African-American men!… Not hung, but handsome!
01.10.16 ♥ 12
One of my favorite exhibitionist: ‘Blackey Madison’… Always creative, imaginative, and daring!
01.10.16 ♥ 4
Mirror-Man du Jour!
01.10.16 ♥ 4757
Source   Reblogged
Zoom
Bush du Jour!
01.10.16 ♥ 321
Source   Reblogged
Package du Jour!
01.10.16 ♥ 1208
Source   Reblogged
Zoom
Boner du Jour!
01.10.16 ♥ 268
Source   Reblogged
Don’t let Logan McCree‘s well thought out, distinctive tattoos scare you… He’s often cited as a real gentleman by those in the porn industry.
01.10.16 ♥ 19411
Reblogged
“You think we are about the same size?”“Dunno… Let’s line ‘em up together, and find out.”“Good idea.”
01.10.16 ♥ 849
Reblogged
Next →