https://www.adaddyslittlegirl.tumblr.com
Daddy's Lost Little Precious Princess
daddyandlittlekitten:
Ohhhh garters ❤❤❤
TAGS:
lingerie  garters  stockings  sexy
Giggled 2 months ago
13608 notes
Baby food’s the best.
TAGS:
baby food  cerelac  little girl  ddlg  dd lg  daddy's little princess  daddy's little girl
Giggled 2 months ago
TAGS:
centaurettes  disney  fantasia  gif
Giggled 3 months ago
582 notes
TAGS:
ddlg dd lg  daddy dom  little girl  sex  gif  unf  reverse cowgirl
Giggled 3 months ago
16405 notes
nichotina:
© Photo: Nicola De Luigi
TAGS:
ddlg  dd lg  daddy dom  little girl  embrace  lovcouple  nude
Giggled 3 months ago
10186 notes
cookiecarnival:
The Little Mermaid Meets Ponyo!
TAGS:
the little mermaid  gifset  disney
Giggled 3 months ago
1636 notes
TAGS:
ddlg  dd lg  daddy dom  little girl  sex  gif  kiss  unf
Giggled 3 months ago
630 notes
TAGS:
cupcakes  food  colorful  sweets  yummy  yumyum  nomnom  nom  yum  treats  kawaii
Giggled 3 months ago
6955 notes
Crystals that are NOT suitable for placing in water / making gem water
coyote-grin:
witcheywanderings:
crowdog66:
lilkittay:
thisbookofshadows:
This list will explain common stones that are either toxic to use for drinking in gem water or stones that are soluble in water. :)
Alunite: Non toxic but soluble in water
Anglesite: Toxic and slightly soluble in water
Arsenopyrite: Potentially toxic
Azurite: Harmful
Azurite-Malachite: Harmful
Azurite-Pseudomalachite: Harmful
Bunsenite: Toxic; allergen; avoid skin contact
Calomel: Possibly hazardous to health
Cerussite: Toxic
Chalcanthite: Harmful; easily soluble in water
Cinnabar: Very toxic!
Cinnabar-Opal: The cinnabar stored in the opal is toxic
Crocoite: Toxic
Cuprite: Harmful
Durangite: Potentially toxic
Eclipse Stone: Limestone with orpiment, toxic
Eilat Stone: Harmful
Erythrite: Potentially toxic
Fiedlerite: Toxic
Fluorite, Antozonite variety: Potentially harmful
Galenite: Toxic and slightly soluble in water
Gaspeite: Harmful; allergen; avoid skin contact
Greenockite: Toxic
Halite: Not toxic in small quantities, but dissolves easily in water
Iron-nickel Meteorite: Harmful; allergen; avoid skin contact
Jamesonite: Potentially toxic
Lemon Chrysoprase: Potentially harmful; allergen; avoid skin contact
Lopezite: Very toxic! Hazardous even through skin contact
Malachite: Harmful
Millerite: Toxic; allergen; avoid skin contact
Minium: Toxic
Nickeline: Toxic; allergen; avoid skin contact
Olivenite: Potentially toxic
Orpiment: Toxic
Proustite: Potentially toxic
Psilomelane and Pyrolusite: Harmful
Pyromorphite: Potentially toxic
Rauenthalite: Toxic
Realgar: Toxic. Store in dark, securely locked place.
Scorodite: Potentially toxic
Sphaerocobaltite: Harmful; allergen; avoid skin contact
Stibnite: Harmful
Tetrahedrite: Potentially harmful
Ulexite: Non toxic but slightly soluble in warm water
Valentinite and Senarmontite: Harmful
Vanadinite: Toxic
Wulfentie: Potentially toxic
Reblogging complete post so that it is not truncated and lost :3
Signal boost. This is vital information, folks.
Also turquoise is water soluble
selenite is also water soluble, and feldspars like labradorite and rainbow moonstone can lose their luster if left submerged.
TAGS:
crystal  toxic
Giggled 3 months ago
15744 notes
TAGS:
about me  pjs
Giggled 3 months ago
54 notes
shiroiroom:
Alien twins from outer space make their best
to make this planet be less grey.
Portrait commission - left: tissylicious IG: @tissylicious // right: Emu IG: @sinead_vicious
Giggled 3 months ago
11800 notes
uncomfortablecucumber:
This is money cat. He only appears every 1,383,986,917,198,001 posts. If you repost this in 30 seconds he will bring u good wealth and fortune.
Giggled 3 months ago
421987 notes
desuu-ka:
forward:
Hey there! My name is Meg and I’m a 16 year old girl with a rare disease called Ehlers Danlos Syndrome. EDS is a rare disease that affects every cell in my body, it is causing my body to literally destroy itself and is getting worse every day. I became ill at 13 years old, by the age of 14 i was wheelchair bound. When i was 15, i was left completely bed bound due to severe complications in my head and neck. My brain is sinking in my head, causing my spine to collapse, this is causing my brain stem to twist and spinal cord to bend - it is putting pressure on my windpipe when I move and makes breathing very difficult. The days are dark and right now, there is no light.
But i am not giving up
in order to keep fighting i need an incredibly complex surgery to stabilise and correct the problems in my cervical spine and skull.. This surgery has never been performed in my country before so i have to get american surgeons involved. There are a lot of expenses that I simply cannot afford.
I used to have a blog with 25,000 incredible followers that helped me stay strong but my blog was hacked and deleted the other day. i used my blog to raise money for my very expensive medical needs and now I’m earning nothing. I remade, with the same url, hoping that i will be able to raise/earn more money. i will not give up. i have fought so hard, i can’t give up. So if you have a few pounds/dollars/euros/etc that you don’t need or whatever then i would really appreciate if you could donate to my gofundme, which is: http://www.gofundme.com/team-meg
Alternatively, if you do not have money to spare, I have ads on my blogs. This is my humour blog and this is my main blog. All I need from you is 1 click on each ad, keep the tab open for five minutes and you will be helping me out hugely. It takes very little effort and it has a huge impact.
Thank you so much for reading this and sharing/donating/etc. i really appreciate it, have a wonderful day <3
LOOK AT THIS CUTIE! I only have about 25¢ to my name but I’ll still reblog it. I really hope things work out for you, sweetness. You’re the cutest thing ever!
Giggled 3 months ago
351732 notes
I think he’s toying me + Faking a BF
I have this friend, he’s a musician so, of course, he’s a narcissist. I know he’s a jerk, alright. And he has that something that all narcissists have, he’s fascinating.
We passed a period he was telling me he was in love, and I was like “Dafuq?! We haven’t seen each other for years, how can you say that? At least let’s meet for a coffee, so you can get real with yourself…”
Sometimes he was ok, sometimes he acted scared and was just like: “I’ll fight for our love, our moment will come.”
He just kept telling me to come visit him at his (old) workplace, as if it was easier on him than meet me halfway… But for some reason I never did. We always fought for these reasons and ended up ignoring e.o. for years…
Now he’s back into my life and seems like he’s not riding that I’m In Love With You-wave anymore. He says that he still cares about me, but not like that. That he has a fiancè (he always had one, but this never stopped him from making moves at me), but still he comes at me like “Maybe if I was slimmer you’d like me”, or makes a list of the things I like in a guy and says “I have them all, would you give me a chance?!” or when I was joking about going on vacation with a guy “I have a house by the beach, but do you have what it takes?”. Today we were discussing me having met his double, and getting scared and he was like “If I’d ever see your double I’d freak out too, but I’d hit that anyway ;)”
I know he likes to fuck with my mind, he gets mad whenever I talk about other guys, even if they’re just friends. He gets mad whenever I talk about moving abroad, acting passive-aggressive.
I know. And years ago this wouldn’t have disturbed me. But when he came back this year, after being mad at him at first, I was like “He’s been having a crush for me for over a decade… Maybe he’s the one who’s been waiting for me, maybe he’s the right one for me”
I was so full of hope, he showed me again his interest first and, out of nothing, said he has a gf.
I was devastated.
He replied to every fucking post about relationships I had on Fb and that’s when he got mad for my pushing him away (of course I did, what did he expect?!). We made peace, but I kept my distance and stopped talking to him.
When I had been ignoring him too long, that’s when he told me he thinks he’s not gonna make it to the end of the year, because he has serious health issues.
I spent one entire night crying… I still do… BUT I think he did that on purpose, and I’m not the only one.
Now it looks like he won, since I promised him I’ll keep in touch, stop keeping my distance and write him everyday.
But it’s killing me. This thing it’s fucking killing me.
I hate this freaking jerk with a passion, he keeps flirting with me and it breaks my heart, but so it does the thought of losing him for good if he can’t cure himself.
I don’t know what to do… So I thought I’m fucking faking a boyfriend. He knows I’m single and not looking, because they’re all so lame, but I’ll fucking fake a boyfriend out of the blue, since he’s not expecting this at all, and give him a ride for his money.
He’s sick, I’ll stay by his side but I won’t let him toy me like that anymore.
TAGS:
narcissism  relationships  love  friendship  help  about me  little girl
Giggled 3 months ago
nichotina:
© Photo: Nicola De Luigi
TAGS:
bubbles  nude  girly  feminine  sensual  daddy's little girl  playful
Giggled 4 months ago
10997 notes
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next
me
daddy?
ask me
submit
cuties
NEW-> I'm a little princess. If you wish to know what my blog's about, PLEASE navigate all the links in my menu. This blog is DDlg - BDSM - Girly - Erotic - Porn - Feelings - Foodie themed. {Stay only if you're 18+}
I don't own any of the content posted, unless differently stated.
Donations & Co.
Dun be shy... DONATE :)
Wanna help me next month by paying my...
......3g data subscription? 6€
...public transport card? 16€
.........DSL subscription? 27€
..gas-electricity supply? 60€
................room rent? 300€
I'll make a special submission with your url on my body for whoever donates! Send me a message afterward :)...
Are you cuties online all day?Then earn some extra money :3
Cutesie
Tags
Theme
Dont say you love me Theme By: ©YaniLavigne Tweaked By: aDaddysLittleGirl Best Viewed: Google Chrome