https://www.adamsantana.blogspot.com
Adam Santana's XXX Zone
Adam Santana's XXX Zone
Friday, March 17, 2006
HAPPY St. PATRICKS DAY!! It has been a good for this Irish, Black, and Native American boy. I am eventually going to get my contractors license, but I need the experiance first. So today, on one of the luckiest days of the year, I got a job as a stairs installer assistant. I will eventually become an official installer, but I have to start at the bottom of course.Don't worry, I will still update my WEB SITE when it officially opens with my pics and videos, and I will also be adding a blog to my site for you to followas well. MY LIVE PHONE will also still be active as well so I can whisper some nasty things in your ears to keep it nice and wet. Stay tuned, I will stay nice and freaky.
posted by adamsantana at 8:17 PM
0 comments
Thursday, March 16, 2006
Well it is one day after my birthday, and I do not feel any older...lol. But I did some freaky celabrating of my own. Last night I got one of the best blow jobs for my birth day. I only wish I cought it on cam so you could see it. I thought I would never stop busting a nut! Instead of blowing out candles on a birthday cake, I got my candle blown, and fucked some cake. It was truely a happy birthday to me! I wonder what next year is going to bring.I can honestly say this young lady had it out for me. I have known her for six years and had no clue that she wanted to do the things that she did to me. But I definetly found out last night. Tha crazy part is, I do not know if I can get anymore from here on GP...lol. I am too afraid to ask. She was my first Puerto Rican Bombshell. Now I see why everyone wants one of them.Well, that is it for this evening. I will give you some more on another dat real soon. Oh yeah, my official web site i cumming soon. Iwill let you know when it is finally up and running. It will have alot of nasty and naughty things of me for you to enjoy.
posted by adamsantana at 7:22 PM
0 comments
Wednesday, March 15, 2006
HELLO TO ALL! This is truely an exiting day for me, not only is this my first of many posts, but today is MY BIRTHDAY!! No, seriously. I am a whopping 22! Yeah I know, I'm still a youngster. But this youngin from the Lone Star State is doing grown up things.I am an adult entertainer. I perform live on my web cam, and perform live phone sex as well. Hey, my parents always told me to do what what made youhappy for a living, and I am definetly following their advice...lol. I also used to be an exotic dancer, but I did not want my dancing skills to top at just that. I will still do a private party, but that is about it. I basically keep it on line.I have meet alot of interesting people from all ove the world since I have started this cool new career. I know I could not have gotten this just dancing. So cum and see me LIVE ONLINE. I should be on around 10:00a.m. pst today. Cum and show me some love on my birthday.
posted by adamsantana at 12:36 AM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
adamsantana
View my complete profile
Other Blog Directories
Adult Blog Directory
Quality Adult Blogs
Adult Blog Spider
Porn Blog Catalog
Porn Blog Rabbit
Porn Blog World
Sex Blog Dump
Sex Blog Pussy
Sex Blog Zilla
Twisted Blogs
Adult Blog Links
My Web Site Links
My Offical Web site
Talk to Me Live
Previous Posts
HAPPY St. PATRICKS DAY!! It has been a good for ...
Well it is one day after my birthday, and I do no...
HELLO TO ALL! This is truely an exiting day for ...
Archives
March 2006
My XPeeps.com Blog