https://www.addictiveteens.com
Peer Elevate Funding | Mississippi Equity Crowdfunding
Toggle navigation
Peer Elevate Funding
Get Funded
Investing
About
Solutions
Knowledge Base
Blog
Contact
Login
Invest Local, Build Local, Grow Local
Mississippi Equity Crowdfunding Pioneer & Leader
What Is Investment Crowdfunding?
Get FundedMississippi Equity Crowdfunding
Need investment funding? We’ll help you thru the process to connect with investors!!
Get Started
The first steps are to sign up and create a draft Offering (don't worry, it can
updated along the way)! We'll connect with you and a certified Project Management Professional (PMP) will help you thru the entire Invest Mississippi process.
Get Moving
Activate offering; engage with the crowd; get the capital you need to empower your business to get you up and running.
Shared Capital
Receive funds held in escrow with a state bank once funding target hit; engage investors and provide required investor reports.
Add your Offering
InvestingMississippi Equity Crowdfunding
Browse opportunities to Invest in Mississippi businesses in exchange for shares (equity).
Get Started
The first steps are to create an Investor Account, verify email address and residency.
Get Moving
Engage the wisdom of the crowd; browse and conduct due diligence on investment opportunities in your state.
Shared Capital
Fund offerings by purchasing shares in companies.
Create Investor Account
About Peer Elevate Funding
Peer Elevate Funding is dedicated to serving you and revitalizing communities with integrity, transparency, and wisdom! We are a website 'portal' that allows investors to connect with companies seeking funding. Peer Elevate Funding was developed to help enable economic and social prosperity. This is the place where local residents can invest in Mississippi companies, for a share (equity) of that company.
Basically, we invest in each other with the hope of economic growth. Peer Elevate Funding is a registered intermediary, portal operator, and portal (the ‘middle man’). We guide companies through the investment crowdfunding process, perform due diligence, provide transparency for investors, and provide a virtual corporate office for companies.
In Mississippi, Peer Elevate Funding became the first and only portal company to establish best practices and processes, work through the regulations, start a local ecosystem of resources, and push to move Invest Mississippi forward. We continue to work with state regulators, banks, service providers, and the Securities and Exchange Commission to help formulate workable regulations and create best practices at a federal level. As the founder, I am an active member of the (CFIRA) Crowdfunding Intermediary Regulatory Advocates, the (CfPA) Crowdfunding Professional Association, and a credentialed (PMP) Project Management Professional. I also serve on several Mississippi Community and Education boards and actively work in the community on economic and education initiatives.
People ask why I do it, what drives my passion. This is where we get to the heart of the matter. My family and I are lifelong residents of Mississippi and believe that we should leave this place better than we found it. My passion is to pave a path for those that come behind me. I believe that the small businesses, entrepreneurs, 'mom & pop' shops, farmers, geeks, ‘unreasonables’ and dreamers make up the foundation that built America and they are required to revitalize it.
Our wisdom is gleaned from 25+ years working with technology, banking, telecommunications, education, economic improvements, and regulatory requirements. Peer Elevate Funding is the premier Equity Crowdfunding portal in Mississippi. Other intermediary portals will come behind us, because we have paved the path. But, our dedication to service, quality, regulatory compliance, professional education and cost effectiveness cannot be matched. We have made a commitment to serve our issuers, provide investor education, and align ourselves with only honorable resources to help the 'crowd' work through business planning and due diligence.
As we develop more tools, they will become available for your use. We are always looking for feedback and input from others. Please feel free to contact us with any suggestions that would help make our product even better!!
Mississippi's Geek Girl
Jennifer Gatewood, PMP
Founder
Peer Elevate Funding
Office: 1-601-208-0082
jgatewood@PeerElevate.com
LinkedIn: Jennifer Gatewood
Facebook: peerelevate
Twitter: PeerElevate
Association Memberships
Contact Us | Mississippi Equity Crowdfunding
Jennifer Gatewood, PMP
Office: 1-601-208-2061
PEFsupport@PeerElevateFunding.com
Request more information using the form below.
Send Message
Important Disclosure: PeerElevateFunding.com is a website operated by Peer Elevate Funding LLC, which provides a listing service for offerings being made pursuant to and in compliance with the Invest Mississippi Crowdfunding Rules. These offerings have not been registered with the Securities Exchange Commission, the Mississippi Secretary of State or any state securities regulator and no such body has made comment on the merits of any offering.
Peer Elevate.com is a website operated by Peer Elevate LLC, which provides services and solutions for crowdfunding efforts, but does not list offerings. Neither Peer Elevate Funding LLC nor Peer Elevate LLC provide any investment advice or make any investment recommendations to any persons, ever, and no communication through this website or in any other medium should be construed as such.
Copyright © Peer Elevate Funding 2015
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use