https://www.adidasdreaming.blogspot.com
All Day I Dream About Sex
All Day I Dream About Sex
Thursday, September 14, 2006
Asphyxia
Wow, finish after this long...guess I can. Sorry for the hiatus, was trying to figure out whether to continue or not. Time to start back up. So after fucking her for awhile I drove my dick deep into her as she was cumming and I felt her body arch and meet me, sending me deeper into her. She shuddered and dug deep into my back with her nails. It felt like she was floating in the air, legs locked around mine, hips stuck to mine, nails drawing blood across my back. My dick was rock hard and I could feel the veins in it about to rip open. Immediately my hands went around her neck and she let go of my back grasping my wrists. We were so into it that she locked legs with me and I leveraged myself to raise her in the air. My hands gripped her tight and I could hear her raspy breathing, as I fucked her hard forcing air out. She let out a noise and my thrusts started to get harder and faster. I felt her legs start to slide off me and she was gripping my wrists hard. Her mouth opens to take a breath and only a small amount of air can get into her. I look at her and see how her mouth is open, straining for breath...she goes limp. My cock explodes and shoots cum so hard into her pussy and pulsates and throbs as I dump loads of cum into her pussy. Looking at her she is still laying there, mouth open shallow breaths flowing in her. She jerks and sits up taking a BIG breathe. What did she dream about? This I will tell later =) For Gracie I hope to fill your need for sexual asphyxia.
posted by ADIDAS at 10:09 PM
1 comments
Tuesday, May 23, 2006
Anal....
So I start fucking that fisted pussy, just to make her cum all over my dick. Suprisingly it was still tight. Not sure what to expect since this was the first for me with a whole hand. Anyway I don't beleive myself to be that endowed to feel like that is reason number one for it being tight. Come on, a whole hand? So she immediately cums within minutes and whispers, "Do with me what you want, I'm yours". Never one to turn down a request I roll her over and tell her that her tight little asshole is mine.....Sorry have to wait to finish =)
posted by ADIDAS at 8:37 PM
2 comments
Monday, May 22, 2006
Fisting, Anal, Asphyxia
FISTINGAwesome weekend. Nothing to say but describe what happened. Usual weekend of going out to party at the clubs and ran into alot of people. Nice now that it is getting hot out. Girls in little to nothing is very nice. Ok, so we are cruising the bars and I am in dire need of some new girl/girls. Meet a couple and hear about this other one from some girls we know, how much she wants me (this friend of theirs). Sure whatever, I have been hearing this for weeks and weeks and nothing has come of it. Tired of hearing it so until it happens...whatever!Then I see one of my girls and she comes over tagging along, following us around the bar. I told her I didn't care, as long as she was cool with me hitting on other girls. She was like sure. Guess she knew if nothing happened then she was definitely in....which happened. Get back to my place and I immediately tell her, "Get your clothes off!"She stood there for a second debating on something. "Everything, bra and panties too."Totally naked I walked around her and she pulled her hands to her chest and I whipped my hand and SWACK! Right across her ass. It actually was harder than I planned but knew it was okay when she dropped her hands and moaned. Then I started to kiss her back working down her legs and calves to her feet. Then working my way between her legs my finger felt for her pussy. "Dripping wet! Just like the slut that you are! Are you my slut? My slut for whatever I please?""Yes, do what you want with me."Hmmm, she was right on cue with no prodding. Of course all the text mesgs and emails she has sent do pay off. I tend to pick up on things and remember exactly what turns people on. "Bend over, keep your legs straight and hold on to your ankles. Yes that's it slut. Now keep your mouth shut while I fuck that cunt with my fingers. You better make sure and ask me for permission to cum too! Did you hear me!?" With that I took a big swat across her ass, with my fingers extended trying to catch a little bit of her pussy lips. She jumped and hissssed..."Yes"I worked one, two, three, fingers into her dripping wet pussy. Then remembering about her talk of my hand in her pussy, I laid her down and said, "I am now going to work all my fingers into your pussy. Then let you watch as my hand is in that tight, wet pussy moving in and out. "Please let me cum! Please let me cum!" she blurted out so quickly it caught me off gaurd. Quickly I said yes but only with my dick in your mouth. I turned and stuffed my dick down her throat and jammed my two middle fingers into her pussy. Fucking her pussy as hard and fast as I could, until her boddy tightened and legs started to shake. This marked the start of her orgasm which I instinctively forced my dick into her mouth as far as it would go gagging her. She gagged and jerked and gagged and jerked wheezing when my dick finally fell out of her mouth. The only thing missing was my cum shooting down her throat, but I was not finished. She sat up and immediately put my fingers in her mouth licking and sucking them clean. "That is my slut....lick that pussy juice off. Now get my whole hand nice and wet. Lay back down and spread those legs slut." With that I started working in two fingers and boy it seemed pretty tight. Then three fingers and then four. With four in I figured it best to work those for awhile and took a break with each finger. The reason
being is that every time one more finger went in this brought her to orgasm and she would always lick my fingers clean. Then the most amazing part was working that final finger into her pussy. Rotating and turning and pushing. Then with one final push, I felt my hand slowly enter her pussy. She was moaning and groaning soo much as my hand gently slid past her entrance and filled her. Once she accomadated my hand I slowly started to fist her pussy. My hand didn't mover far but enough to bring on multiple orgasms. Once I thought she had enough (I know my neigbors probably did!), I removed my hand slowly and as it passed back through her tight entrance...she let out one big howl and had multiple orgasms. She bent down and hungrily lapped my hand which was covered in a thick liquid, I had never seen or felt before! =)Next is ANAL.....
posted by ADIDAS at 5:17 PM
1 comments
Wednesday, May 17, 2006
Loves Pain Tattoo
Well, will have more to post on going out and stuff. Wanted to show my new tattoo.
posted by ADIDAS at 6:47 PM
3 comments
Saturday, May 13, 2006
From behind
There's nothing like the feeling of a tight asshole around your cock. That is what I miss right now. My ex loved a cock, deep in her ass shooting all my hot cum in her.Took a mini vacation to Colorado (the actual state). Meet some fine brunette that was prime for the fucking. She was about 5'8" , bluish green eyes, just proportioned enough to be skinny but not too skinny. We met at the bar and I didn't think I had a chance with her but what the hell. She was getting out of a bad relationship (aren't we all?!). Anyway we talked and danced then went to an after party that a group of people had. Her eyes were so mesmerizing.....I had to fuck her and look at her eyes alot. Really loved fucking her doggystyle. Something about seeing an ass backing into your dick and feeling your dick at that angle that makes me cum hard.Getting a tatto from shoulder to shoulder . Tribal meaning is Loves Pain =)Hope this image loads right!
posted by ADIDAS at 5:09 PM
1 comments
Saturday, May 06, 2006
Dreamer
So here is what she said she was dreaming............I was shopping at the grocery store and kept feeling horny. Each aisle I went down I kept getting hornier and hornier. Then when I got to the fruit and vegetable area I saw some bananas I wanted. So I went over to the table and leaned to the top bunch that looked good and as I strained to reach the top my pussy and clit were at the level of the table. As soon as the table struck my pussy I immediately was needing to get off. When I looked around to see if anyone was looking I pushed my pussy against the border of the table. I then slid to the edge and started rubbing my clit against the corner and closed my eyes to begin an orgasm and opened them to see you above me as I came too, releasing the most pleasurable orgasm ever!
posted by ADIDAS at 8:43 PM
1 comments
Friday, May 05, 2006
Falling
Don't some weeks just suck ass? This couldn't get over any faster. Colorado is coming over to fuck and boy do I need it. D C has totally went AWOL as usual and she is the one that I want to to do the most....guess you want what we can't have. Ain't that always the shit! Its been awhile since I had anyone I guess anal. Colorado just text and said she wanted to feel my hard cock shooting cum in her ass. Well, I am not one to disappoint a girl so....I volunteered for that.
Kind of feel bad for Nevada. She is sooo nice but not right for me at this point. She is starting to feel to much like becoming a girlfriend so she will be out of the picture unfortunately. Her freaky side is nice to have but Colorado fulfills that for me and more. A new girl that started this week at work asked if I liked baseball because she had an extra ticket. Said I did but have my kids alot so it depends when. Figured this might back her off a bit, but it didn't. Not too many girls so far have. Guess I care soo much for my kids that is a bit of a soft spot for some girls. Very funny thing about younger girls is their willingness to date an older guy. Now I am not old by all means and look 7 or 8 years younger than I really am, but I try and let girls know my age so they are not fooled. Most are like I don't care, guys my age are assholes and idiots...I date older guys. Good thing I fuck like a young guy =) Anyway the girl at work is constantly checking me out and I want to do her just because. Well, one girl at work is enough and kind of have a felling two others are there for the picking but they are not as straight forward as Colorado. If any of them said fuck me or something to that effect that would be it. Have not had too many instances where I said no. Always kind of had an animal instinct to command and conquer.
Colorado jogged a memory today. Said she wanted to tape me fucking her in all holes and then watch it. Here is a true story of me and the ex.Charged up the camcorder to video tape our sexcapade after clubbin' . We always wanted to but never did. Always seemed pretty hot and heavy, so just to see we went out and had left the camcorder in the bedroom ready. We return home around 2:30 am..........."Get the camcorder quick!""You look so hot naked, nice shaved pussy, tan skin, ghetto booty""Tape me sucking your dick"So the tape continues to roll and shows her taking my dick in her mouth eyes closed, licking, sucking, tongue'n the shaft, etc."Let's get on the bed and you can tape me eating your pussy"More tape of me eating her pussy and sound of her breathing and trying to hold the camcorder as she starts to climax."I have your dolphin and am going to fuck your pussy with it!""No, put your dick in me!""Open your legs""No..""Should I slap your ass?"no responseWHACK!! I was drunk and just let one go."Oh shit! that fucking hurt!""open your legs"There that is better and as I worked the dolphin in and out of her pussy and turned it on slight vibrate her breathing picked up. Her legs were spread like she was taking in some dick and pussy juice was covering the dolphin. I started to see her legs tremble and a violent muscle spasm as her first wave hit her. Then I began to plunge the dolphin in and out till her legs relaxed."I am leaving the dolphin in to fuck that asshole""Mmmmm.....baby I want to feel you shoot your hot cum in my ass""Would you like to feel both of your toys in you? Fucking you and filling you at the same time".Normally she has to be on her stomach to take my dick in her ass but when she is drunk she is a little more relaxed. So I start to ease my dick in slowly and can feel the dolphin against my dick."Oooh shit! that feels good! I can feel your dick filling my ass and the dolphing filling my pussy!"Once I was in then it was time to work this pussy over! Fucking her ass she was telling me how she felt totally helpless , legs spread wide and both holes filled. I told her to hold her legs spread out so I could work her ass over. It only took about 5 minutes and she started the most crazy orgasm ever. She bucked me off her and the dolphin shot out of her pussy when her orgasm started.
I jumped right back and started pumping her ass and she started another orgasm. When it was over she said that was the most incredible things she ever felt! So we were wondering and hoping the cam was in the right spot on the dresser to get that. I grabbed the camcorder from the dresser to video my favorite thing. ..Fucking her asshole I wanted to video a close up of her pussy and my dick going in her asshole. Then I turned to her and said are you ready? She shook her head and I clamped one hand around her neck and applied pressure and watched thru the camcorder. Her arms were spread out and her face was the normal brown. Then you see her mouth open a little to suck in air. You hear a muffled struggle for breath and her face now is turning red. I clamp down a little harder to cut any air from coming in and her forhead shows a vein protruding from it. Face is getting blue and now one hand is on my wrist. Her face twists and her other hand hits my arm and her body begins to contort slightly. My weight is on her and she hits my arm a couple of times as her face becomes a deep dark reddish blue color and then it happens. Mouth opens but no breathe and arms go slack, body goes slack. I let go and video my girl mouth open and asphyxiated. I blow into her mouth to make sure she takes a breathe and this cause her to swallow.
I start fucking her asshole some more and whisper to her to tighten that asshole. Instinctively she does and then lets go. More sternly in her ear I let her know to do it again and this time not to let go! I keep this up and all of a sudden just as I am going real good her body starts to gain rythm with mine. I start to whisper to her to cum...cum for me....cum .... I want u to cum.....cum for me baby.....squeeze my dick with that asshole....cum for me.......(I keep this rythm and tone almost sounds hypnotic on tape)...just as her body quakes in another orgasm I shoot my load in her ass. The start of her orgasm awakens her and she relates to me what she was dreaming of as she was passed out. To be continued........................
posted by ADIDAS at 9:07 PM
1 comments
About Me
Name:
ADIDAS
Location:
Midwest, United States
Divorced not looking for anything serious.
View my complete profile
Links
Suicide Girls
Edit-Me
Edit-Me
Previous Posts
Asphyxia
Anal....
Fisting, Anal, Asphyxia
Loves Pain Tattoo
From behind
Dreamer
Falling
Staind
Text
Deep song
Archives
March 2006
April 2006
May 2006
September 2006