https://www.adornospc.com
Adoring A Domme Wife
Adoring A Domme Wife
The tales of a happy submissive husband (me) who adores an absolutely amazing Wife (J).
Tuesday, June 25, 2013
Cognitive Dissonance
The other night J and i were having a lovely quiet evening at home. She was lying on the couch and i was gently massaging Her feet off and on as She desired while we watched a movie.  i adore this kind of mellow control, and i was, of course, horny as hell, as i pretty much always seem to be whenever J has me serving Her.
J smiled knowingly..."Awww...getting distracted, dear?"
She laughed as She slid Her foot between my legs, feeling how hard i was.  i breathed heavily, which was all the answer She needed.
"Well let's go then," J looked at me.
We stood up and began walking from the living room to the bedroom. Halfway there, over Her shoulder, J said "crawl."  i of course complied, once again adoring the casual way in which She asserted Her control.
We got to the bedroom and J had me lie on my back. She then climbed on top and soon i was inside Her.  As always, the rush of pleasure was immense.  And as always, J instructed me not to cum without permission.
She then grabbed Her small vibe and using "both of Her sex toys" as She likes to say She had multiple orgasms as i gazed up at Her adoringly.
J then began ricking Her hips and told me it was my turn.  i was already quivering as She rode me, feeling the explosion build up inside of me.
At just the right moment, as i was gasping, shaking and my eyes were wide J grabbed me by the throat, brought Her face close and stared right into me.
"Do you want me to deny You, slave?!?  Or should i let you cum?"
J had never quite asked me this before, and especially not when i was so close.  It seemed to cause a kind of misfire in my brain, as i often love the notion of J controlling my orgasms and teasing me with that power.  But She had never done it when i was so close to orgasm before, and i found myself sputtering...it was like my brain had shortcircuited and i found myself just sort of bleating out random sounds.
J seemed delighted..."well? Answer me, slave!  Should I deny you? Or does slave want to cum?"
It was unlike anything i had ever experienced...denial had always been a confusing thing for me, as i long for the control and submission implied by having my orgasms controlled by J, but at the same time am a simple horny slave who is pretty much aroused all the time around Her.  As J drove that point to a head by choosing this moment i found that dissonance to be almost overwhelming.
"Whatever you wish, my Lady," i breathed.
"Oh no, slave. I want you to make this choice," J responded, as if She was ready for what i was going to say.
i gazed up at Her...and eventually breathed out the words "deny me, my Lady."  i honestly wasn't sure if i could stop, and saw the smile on J's face as She loomed over me rocking Her hips.
"Good answer, slave," She whispered. "And now you are going to cum for me."
My mind reeled and raced as J then simply grabbed my wrists, pinned them over my head with Her hands and rode me until i exploded inside of Her.  i screamed and yelled and shook, the mental stimulation of J's mindgame matching the physical sensations of release.  It was really quite wonderful...
Afterwards as we cuddled J said She was pleased and proud of me for giving myself to Her the way i had.  She had planned it all along as a sort of test, more out of Her own curiosity than anything else...and basically was planning to do the opposite of whatever i asked for.  Of course i had no idea that was Her plan, and am quite happy that i answered the way i did.
my little sub mind is still reeling as i write this, wondering how i would have felt had J actually denied me in that moment.  J has said that She really enjoyed that moment when She asked me when i was in such a visceral state, as She said She may have never seen such wide eyes in all our time together.  So i suspect this will not be the last time J plays this kind of mind game with me at *just* the right instant.  Wonder what it will be next time...:)
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
11:21 AM
8 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Thursday, June 20, 2013
Punished, Part 2
Recently i accidentally deleted a comment from the wondrous Lady Grey that was intended for J. It was an accident of carelessness, but as i wronged not only my wonderful J but also the lovely Lady Grey it was one that J decided needed strict and harsh punishment.
J also wanted to make sure Lady Grey felt vindicated, so She asked Lady Grey to suggest a punishment, which J then carried out with delicious pleasure. That was a breathless experience, and i was shuddering to think what J's punishment for me would be. But we have been very busy the last couple of months, and J had to unexpectedly leave town for work for a while, so i was kept waiting in suspense, wondering what that punishment would be.
The other day i finally found out.
J was i think in some way inspired by Lady Grey, and Her punishment for me also focused on the idea of attention. J began by tying to to a chair and clamping my nipples, and then the line writing began.
"Now slave, you are to write 'i will be sure to pay extra attention to everything concerning my Lady, and never make such a stupid mistake again.'  you will write this as many times as I wish...but to start I want you to write it once, then I will twist your clamps for one second, remove them and replace them. Then you will write it twice, I will twist your clamps for 2 seconds and remove and replace them. And so on...got it?"
"Yes my Lady," i whispered, gazing into Her eyes.
"Begin."
i wrote the line out, already shaking. J inspected, sat on my lap, looked me in the eye.
She grabbed my nipple clamps and twisted, HARD. "One." She said
i yelped and breathed out a thank You. J then removed them, replaced them and had me go again.
After my two lines J again straddled me and twisted the clamps. "One....." i was already breathing heavily.  "Two." J smiled wickedly. "What do you say?"
"Thank You, my Lady."
J slapped me once, removed the clamps and replaced them again. "Go." She ordered.
i wrote three lines this time, J straddled me and teased me by briefly moving Her hips up and down, teasing me mercilessly. Then She stopped, and began the twisting of my clamps. my nipples were screeeeeaaaaming by the time She counted three.
This continued for a while, and then J decided to mix it up.
"Stand."
i stood, and almost immediately felt the harsh STING of the switch across my ass. J ruthlessly cropped me, my feet dancing as i fell under harsh blow after harsh blow.
"Now sit."
i sat, and almost jumped out of my seat when i felt the sandpaper J had put down!
"SIT!" J ordered.
i squirmed onto the chair and J told me to start writing lines again. As i did She knelt down and tied each of my feet to the side of the narrow wooden chair, lifting them off the floor and suspending them in mid air. This forced my already red and stinging ass down on the sandpaper, which hurt! And as i squirmed it only hurt more...
J grabbed me by the hair and yanked my head back, then kissed me deeply before slapping me once and gazing into my eyes.
"Who do you belong to?" She demanded.
"You, my Lady," i breathed, my mind and body reeling already at the pain, pleasure and torment, and at how angry and in control She seemed.
"Good slave..." J breathed and kissed me again, sliding Her hand between my legs and teasing me for a few wondrous seconds.  my breath was coming out in gasps when J stopped, the rush of pleasure mixing with the pain in my nipples and ass to become almost overwhelming.
J grabbed my hair again and directed my face down. "Start writing again!" She commanded.
i found myself rushing through the lines, my whole body filled with adrenaline...and i found myself making mistakes in the first couple lines. Though it was due to being overwhelmed by J's control and teasing, it was still--of course--unacceptable.
J grabbed the paper and wrinkled it up and stuffed it into my mouth.  "Start again!"
i began writing, slowing myself down and willing myself to pay closer attention. J's lesson was definitely sinking in...and it become even more obvious as Her riding crop SMACKED down on the exposed sole of my left foot. i gasped and screamed against the paper gag, but J simply stared at me and raised Her crop again.
Down came the crop, mercilessly torturing my feet and i wrote again. i lost count of how many strikes She delivered, i just knew that my feet were now joining my ass and nipples as screaming in pain.
After a while J looked over my lines...i had, it turned out, begun to learn as i had not made any mistakes and J seemed pleased. Or at least a little surprised by my relative success.
"Hmmm...better, slave. Much better. Think you have learned your lesson?"
i looked up at Her, my Wife...my Owner...unsure of what to say. i felt better about actually paying attention, but was unsure what the right answer would be. Plus i was still gagged with the paper ball of my past mistakes.
i nodded briefly...tentatively. J smiled and removed my paper gag. She then kissed me deeply again, straddling me and slowly, maddening slowly, bucking Her hips as She teased me. She then grabbed each nipple and twisted cruelly, staring into my eyes as i gasped, whimpered and tried to keep still.
"Wellll....maybe you have.  But let's be sure...."
J untied me, grabbed me by ear and dragged me to the bedroom. My feet stung, ass was burning and nipples were still aflame. She had me lie on the bed and ordered my legs spread and hands over my head.
J then returned with a wooden spoon from the kitchen and climbed on the bed, sitting between my spread legs.
"Now...do you remember what I had you write?" J looked at me with steel in Her eyes.  my mind raced to recall, the flood of everything that had happened seemingly colliding together as i strained to remember. Thankfully i breathed out the right phrase...and J smiled with pleasure.
"Good slave! Now...will you be sure to pay more attention from now on?"
"YES My Lady," i practically shouted.
"Good. Now...one last thing before your punishment is complete. I am going to smack your balls 30 times with this wooden spoon. After each one you are to say 'thank You my Lady, please hit me again.' This is not going to be pleasant, but I will promise you that if you do this, and be earnest in your desire for each smack, that this will complete your punishment."
i stared at Her, my eyes wide...i felt so much like Her slave and longed to please her that i quickly replied "Yes, my Lady," and spread my legs wider.
J raised the wooden spoon and smacked it down. i gasped and writhed, but quickly breathed out "thank You my Lady, please hit me again!"
J continued the torture...i found myself writhing, tears in my eyes, my whole body shaking, yet after each blow i was able to say the words She required. i was so deep into feeling like Hers that i lost count of the blows...lost sight of everything but Her...and felt myself truly and fully owned.
Eventually J reached 30 times. i honestly had no idea it was over until She crawled on top of me and whispered "good job, slave. your punishment is complete," and kissed me deeply.
It was the most intense punishment J has ever given, and one that i do truly appreciate. And i am now a much more attentive slave than i was before...and am grateful for that.
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
5:35 PM
5 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Monday, February 25, 2013
Punished, Part 1
A little while ago i made a grave mistake...i accidentally deleted a comment from the wonderful Lady Grey, who has been kind enough to share Her thoughts and suggestions with us on this blog. That is bad enough, but even worse it was a comment intended for my Lady J, and She was unable to read it before i stupidly deleted it.
i was mortified at my mistake, and J was furious. Lady Grey was also upset, which made things even worse as i am a great admirer of Hers and always very grateful that She takes the time to read and comment on this blog.
So...punishment was definitely in order. Obviously J was going to punish me severely for my transgression, but She also decided that Lady Grey should have the chance to suggest a punishment as well. Which She did as a comment on this previous post, part of which i have reprinted below:
Therefore, my suggestion to J is
that she seat you at a writing table, and attach the
clover clamps to
your nipples. Using her favorite string, J would then tie one end to the
chain between the clamps and the other end to your wrists so that the
tension on the string is taut and your body bent a bit forward when
you're writing. Once that position is reached, I would ask J to move the
papers you're going to write on another few inches away from your
hands, with instructions that your body should not move forward any
farther. That should supply a considerable amount of tension between
your hands and the clamps, with adjustments that I'm sure J can make.Now the writing.
I'd suggest that you fill one page with about 25 lines of the following:"I
will never again accidentally erase comments to my blog".
After a page
is complete, J should kindly remove your clamps, check for accuracy and
neatness, and then replace the clamps in either the same or a slightly
different spot (my personal preference) on your nipples.
I would think
that four pages of this assignment, with the clamps going off and on
with each page, would be sufficient, but J certainly has the option of
increasing that amount if she's unhappy with the look of your writing.
No doubt you will be somewhat amazed at the increased level of
discomfort with each "off and on".
Should be great fun, don't you
think, and a reminder to be more careful in the future.I might
add, as I did in the "lost" comment, that my husband has been trained
not to make a sound when
clamps go on and off.
Not a yell, not even a
gasp.
It took awhile for him to achieve this, but I certainly enjoyed
the training sessions and the punishments for any failures on his part.
Now, he is quite good about the lack of "noise" I desire.
Just a
thought:)
J smiled wide when She read this and deemed it an excellent punishment. She also told me that there would be extensive punishment from her as well. We were unable to find the time for a little while due to various life things (work, colds, etc.) but last weekend J unleashed both Lady Grey's punishment as well as the one from Her. i have decided to cover my punishment from Lady Grey here first, then J's punishment for me in a later post.
J began with Lady Grey's punishment as outlined above. We don't a writing table per se, but J positioned me at the dining room table for this punishment. i was naked, with my balls secured to the chair back behind me with a string between my legs, to further keep me in place and remind me not to move forward while writing.
J attached the clamps to my nipples and the string to my wrist, then smiled as She slid the papers *just* out of reach. i had to slide my hand to start writing, and the tension on my nipples was already intense as i began. i got through the first page of 25 lines with J watching, a wicked smile on Her face. As suggested, J removed my clamps as She inspected my work.
As also suggested by Lady Grey, J ordered me to be silent as the clamps came on and off...i was able to do so when they came off, but failed when J put them back on, a sharp intake of breath and a yelp giving me away.
J just smiled, balled up the paper with my first set of lines on it and threw it away and said, "well...now you have to start again, don't you dear?"
i felt my heart sink, meekly said "yes, my Lady," and began again.
i did the 25 lines again and awaited J's evaluation. She removed the clamps again and slid the chain into my mouth. My nipples were already screaming as the blood rushed back to them, but i stayed silent as J read my work. She deemed the lines acceptable, and i was able to keep silent when the clamps came back on so i was allowed to start page 2. J slid the papers a little farther away and told me to begin.
i was breathing a little heavy, my nipples screaming from the pain as my hand moved to write the second set of lines. Beads of sweat formed on my forehead as i concentrated, Lady Grey's admonition to pay attention to what i was doing ringing in my head.
i finished the second set of lines and J deemed those acceptable as well. i breathed a sigh of relief, especially after i struggled, but succeeded, to stay silent as the clamps came off and on again. J slid the papers farther away and ordered me to begin again.
i was struggling as i made my way through the third set of lines, but finished. J removed my clamps and it took all i had not to scream as the clamps came off as She reviewed my work. After a minute She balled up the paper and threw it in my face.
"You made two mistakes already and I'm not even halfway down the page!" J slapped me hard across the face, her eyes flashing angrily.
i was mortified. "i...i'm sorry my Lady."
J slid my chair back away from the table and climbed on my lap, straddling me and staring right into my eyes.
"Sorry?!? That's not good enough...do you not appreciate the time...the thought that Lady Grey and I are putting into your punishment?!" J's eyes flashed as She stared into me.
"i...i do my Lady," i whimpered back, ashamed at my failings. "i deserve all the punishment You and Lady Grey deem necessary."
J stared at me. "Make me believe you," was all She said.
J then grabbed my throbbing nipples and twisted them cruelly. i screamed and She stared into my eyes.
"Make me believe you," She said again.
My heart was racing, nipples screeeeaming, eyes wide as J stared at me, twisting my already burning nipples cruelly. "i...i deserse this punishment!" i yelled.
"Louder!" J replied, twisting harder.
"i deserve this!" i yelled.
J slapped me once hard then twisted again. "Now thank Me!" She yelled into my face.
"Thank You My Lady!" i yelled, tears streaming down my face.
"Again!" J slapped me and twisted again.
"THANK YOU MY LADY" i screamed...probably loud enough for the neighbors across the street to hear.
J released my nipples and took my chin in Her hand and stared at me. "Now are you ready to finish? And not disappoint me?"
my heart was racing and breath coming in gulps. i had rarely felt so taken by J...Her forcefulness had rocked me back into a deep subspace.
"yes my Lady," i said, gazing at her with fear and wonder.
J got off my lap and took the nipple clamps off the table and reattached them. i was more focused than i can ever remember, my whole being driven to stay silent...which i did.
J then slid the papers away and told me to begin again.  i finished the third set of lines, trembling as J removed my clamps and reviewed my work. She smiled, kissed me once and said "much better, slave..." before reclamping my nipples again.
J moved the pages almost out of reach and told me to begin my last set of lines. She climbed up on the table and held a foot out for me to kiss, which i did eagerly. Tears were flowing freely down my cheeks, my body was shaking and nipples in more agony that i can ever remember as i strained to reach the page and do my last set of lines.
Yet my focus was there, perhaps as never before. The intensity of the punishment, and of J's reaction to my previous failures, helped me dig deep and find the strength to finish...all to please Her.
i finished the last set of lines...J unclamped me and looked at the page. She held it for what seemed like an eternity...my whole body shaking as i awaited Her verdict.
After letting me twist in the wind J smiled and said, "Well done, slave. Now what do you say?"
"Thank You My Lady," i breathed, my heart filled with gratitude as it rose, glad the punishment was over, yet grateful that my Lady--and Lady Grey--had taken the time to correct me.
Special thanks to the incomparable Lady Grey, not only for being thoughtful enough to provide me with a chance to redeem myself in Her eyes through such punishment, but also for all the lovely comments She has provided. i hope this is satisfactory for You...and if not J has said She will do whatever it takes until You are satisfied.
As this seems long enough i will save J's punishment for me for another post...
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
4:33 PM
8 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Thursday, January 24, 2013
Predicament Bondage
One of J's favorite things is to put me into predicaments and watch me struggle to meet Her expectations. Whether it's a mean game of Twister, an onion gag or keeping me beneath Her all day i am constantly amazed at J's ability to dream up new challenges. And i adore (adore!) the wry little smile She gets on Her face while testing me and watching me struggle. That look, combined with Her bubbling, yet still a little evil laugh, always makes me immensely happy.
And She shows no signs of letting up. One night last week we were lying in bed, kissing and touching and working each other up. J clamped my nipples and had me bring Her to orgasm with my tongue, which i did eagerly, making Her scream with delight twice (hooray!). Afterwards She ordered me to sit up with my back against the wall and knees bent in front.
J got that smile on Her face again...
"So...I have a challenge for You, dear. You ready for a challenge?"
Seeing that smile i could not respond quickly enough, "Yes, my Lady."
"Good."
J leaned over and reached into our toy bag and pulled out a short length of string. She had used this to tie my cock up a couple of times but it was not something we used all that often.  She tied a knot around the chain between my nipple clamps and then with a wicked grin slid down and tied the other end around my big toe.
i felt the chain pulling away, pinching my nipples tighter as the clover clamps did their work.
"Now stand up, slave," J ordered.
i tried to stand and immediately figured out Her evil plan. With my clamps tied to my toe i actually couldn't stand straight at all...not even close. i was forced into an awkward, hunched over position, and even then the clamps were digging mercilessly into my nipples, which were screaming with agony.
J smiled. "Now go and fetch me a coke, slave."
i did the best i could to hobble out of our bedroom and to the kitchen, Each time i faltered or took a bad step the clamps made me gasp and howl.
"Faster, slave!" J barked from the bedroom.
i hustled as best i could and returned with the soda. J looked at me and gave me a small laugh, the one She uses when Her imagination is really in overdrive.
"Hmmm....no ice?"
"i...no my Lady. i am sorry, my Lady," i breathed, my heart racing and cheeks flushed as i stodd bent over before Her.
"Well, that won't do. Go and bring me a glass of ice, slave."
As i started to hobble again to the kitchen i heard J get up and follow me.
"I actually want to watch this," She smiled.
i had to lift my foot high just to be able to reach high enough to get a glass out of cabinet. The freezer was just as high. i placed the glass down and then started to lift myself into the awkward and humiliating position, my ears ringing with J's laughter when She stopped me.
"I think this is to easy, dear...don't you agree?"
"Yes my Lady," was my reply. The only proper reply, even if i did not agree.
J moved the cup to the other side of the kitchen.
"Now...one ice cube at a time. And I want six in my glass."
i immediately lifted my foot, shaking as i got a single ice cube out of the freezer. i brought it over to the glass, then returned to do the second. By the time i did six my legs were in agony, nipples screaming and my whole body was shaking and even a little sweaty. J had had a good laugh at my expense, and looked at me as i put the last cube in the glass.
"Good boy," She cooed. My heart melted.
J reached down and removed the nipple clamps. The blood rushing back made me scream as the clamps came off.  i screamed even louder when J gave each nipple a cruel twist, and gasped, gazing at Her.
J pointed to the ground. "Now what do you say?"
i knelt, lowered my head and kissed Her foot. "Thank You, my Lady," i breathed.  i did the same for the second foot, then returned to a kneeling position. J caressed my cheek with Her hand and i gazed up at Her, transfixed.
J had me remove the string from my toe and then crawl behind Her back to the bedroom. She threw me down on the bed on my back and climbed on top, sliding Her wet sex over me.  i gasped in joy and adoration, then screamed as J again twisted my nipples.  her face was flushed as She rode me, twisting my nipples off and on just to watch me scream and squirm.  After She came again She allowed me to come as well, and i exploded almost instantly.
J said that had i dropped any ice cubes i would not have been allowed to release, but because She was impressed i was able to focus She decided i deserved that reward.
i whispered "thank You, Mistress," as we lied in each other's arms, my heart filled with joy and wonder at this amazing Wife of mine, and how much i belong to Her.
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
5:45 PM
10 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Monday, January 14, 2013
Brushing Her Hair
The other morning J beckoned me into the bathroom after Her shower.  This was a first, and i walked into the bathroom with my heart leaping.
"Go and fetch a chair from the kitchen, dear," J commanded. She stood in the short robe She sometimes wears after a shower. It only comes down just below Her waist, so Her long legs were fully exposed, and the robe was clinging to Her still damp form deliciously. As is often the case i found myself gazing in awe at Her, feeling so lucky to be with Her.
J looked at me with amusement..."like the view?"
"Yes, My Lady," i whispered in a voice more throaty than i expected.
J just smiled, then the look in Her eye changed rather quickly.
"Didn't I just ask for something, slave?" She demanded, a harder edge in her voice.
i jumped at the tone and immediately hurried off to the kitchen. i quickly returned with a small wooden chair from our breakfast table.
J smiled. "Good job, slave. Now place it before the mirror."
i did as ordered and J sat down. She pointed to the ground at Her side and i knelt. She then picked up a hairbrush and looked at me.
"Now you are going to brush my hair, slave. I expect you to be careful and attentive, do you understand?"
"Yes, my Lady," i whispered.
"Good. Because there will be consequences if you are not." J looked at me for a moment, and then a small smile formed on her perfect lips. "In fact, because you delayed in bringing the chair, I think I will show you exactly what the consequences will be."
J grabbed me by the hair and pulled me to my feet, then ordered me to strip. Once i was naked She guided me down over Her lap, my ass in position.
SMACK! Down came Her hard wooden hairbrush on my ass. i yelped at the sharp sting and gritted my teeth, knowing more was coming.
J gave me 20 good spanks with the hairbrush, and by the time She was done my ass was red, by breath was short and tears had begun to form in my eyes. She slid Her hand across my ass, feeling the heat and cooing Her approval.
"Mmmmm....very nice. Now you are to kneel on the floor behind me and brush my hair. And be careful! Any tangles, snags or hair pulling will be met with more of what you just got. Understand?" J had a wicked smile as i twisted and looked up at Her.
"Yes My Lady," i whispered.
i stood and then went behind the chair and knelt down on the hard, unforgiving bathroom floor. J gave me Her brush and began to slowly move it through Her beautiful hair. She closed Her eyes, Her body relaxing as i began.
It was an incredibly sensual and submissive feeling...my knees already starting to ache from the cold, hard floor, my Lady so relaxed and comfortable with putting me into service, my hands shaking slightly as i moved the brush.
When i hit the first tangle and pulled too hard, yanking Her hair, my mood went from sensual to scared pretty fast.
"OUCH! Now what was that, slave?" J demanded.
"i'm sorry, Mistress...i just got too excited."
"Well...sorry isn't good enough. Get back up here. NOW."
i climbed again over J's lap and She was ruthless with the hairbrush spanking. Again and again the brush tormented my ass and the backs of my thighs. J would pause occasionally and caress the hot flesh, seeming to enjoy it, and then continue. i lost count of many She gave me, but i know i was trembling, sore and teary-eyed by the time She was done.
i was then ordered back to my knees to finish brushing. i was extra careful after the spanking, though i did pull too hard one more time before it was done. And was again ruthlessly punished for it.
By the time J deemed my task complete my knees were aching, whole body trembling and ass and thighs still burning from the spanking. J had me crawl around to the side of Her and placed a long, slow kiss on my lips while i knelt beside Her.
"Well done, slave. you may return the chair to the kitchen and finish making coffee."
The whole experience was amazing, and different for a couple of reasons. One, we don't do a lot of play in the mornings, and i found that my head was spinning all day after the experience. While i was distracted at work and often found myself hardening up, i loved the fact that i had the whole day to relive the recent memory.
The other novel thing was how J simply came up with a small bit of service and how relaxed it seemed to make Her to simply lean back, close Her eyes and allow me to serve Her. This is great progress from our early days of exploring a femdom relationship, as i often put lots of pressure on Her and J often felt like being a dominant wife was a lot of work. Which it certainly can be. But these small moments of simple servitude are truly wonderful, and a great reflection of how far we have come.
J has indicated that i will be learning how to better brush Her hair in the future, and i am definitely looking forward to it!
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
12:07 PM
9 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Wednesday, January 9, 2013
The Beauty of Worship
J and i have a very loving relationship. We had one before we started on our new Femdom adventure, and our relationship only continues to grow as we further our exploration down this wonderful path. Most of the time i would characterize our experiences as "play," though there are times where the sensual connections and deep eroticism of J's growing dominance of me reaches almost rapturous heights. The other night was one such occasion.
We were sitting on the couch idly watching TV. J had earlier had me bring Her a glass of wine and then enjoyed a lengthy foot massage provided by me, one where i kissed, caressed and massaged every inch of Her soles, arches, toe, heels and ankles. She purred Her contentment and i grinned at Her as i often do while we are experiencing these sorts of moments.
J then surprised me by sliding down to the floor and stretching out on our rug.
"Undress me," She whispered, in a voice both soft and commanding.
i (of course!) eagerly began to comply, sliding down to the floor. i started unbuttoning Her shirt when J caught my hand, bringing it up to Her lips and placing a soft kiss.
"Slowly, slave," She whispered again.
i gazed into Her eyes and then kissed Her lips softly, then Her neck. i unbuttoned one button, kissing Her collarbone and moving my hands up and down Her body. She purred in approval.
i undid the next button, kissing down the exposed narrow V of Her body, my lips brushing against the white lacy bra that was now peeking out. J slid Her hand through my hair.
i kept going, each button opening followed by soft worshipful kisses to Her gorgeous skin. As i reached the last i slid Her shirt off Her shoulders. It spread behind her. i then slid one bra strap down, following it across Her shoulders and upper arm with kisses as J lay back. Her legs began sliding up and down, a sure sign She was enjoying Herself.
J sat up briefly, allowing me to unclasp Her bra and kissing me deeply and passionately. She then laid back down and i began slowly...ever so slowly...sliding her knee-length skirt down her gorgeous legs. i kissed between her thighs, along each inner thigh and down to the knee as i moved the skirt farther down.
After the skirt came Her socks, then Her panties. my amazing Wife then lay naked, stretched before me.
"Kiss me here slave," She ordered, pointing to Her neck.
i slid over Her, feeling Her breasts against my shirt, my legs straddling Her thigh as i placed kiss after kiss on Her perfect neck. She eventually pushed me back up so i was kneeling before Her perfection.
"Now here," She whispered, pointing to Her right breast.
i slid down again, my tongue caressing around her breast, teasing Her nipple. She had me return to my kneeling position again.
"Now here." J pointed to Her inner thigh.
This continued, as J pointed to Her stomach...then Her left foot...then Her left collarbone....then Her lips....then between her legs, where the warmth and dampness told me She was definitely enjoying Herself....then Her neck again....then between Her breasts.
i worshiped almost every inch of Her, following Her commands as She led me where She wished me to go. Then J looked up at me with that wonderful smile, sat up and kissed me deeply, grabbed me by the hair and with a single look let me know She was ready. She slid Her legs apart and allowed me inside Her...the feeling of devotion i had was almost overwhelming.
After a short time J pushed me back, then guided my head between Her thighs, Her sex dripping and eager for my service. i devoted myself to the task with a feeling of such yearning, and J's breathing quickly became short...moans escaped her lips and i brought her to orgasm, then after a short rest where i kissed every molecule of flesh on her thighs i brought Her to orgasm again. She then allowed me back inside Her and ordered me to cum, which did not take long. i felt a huge wave of emotion wash over me as i came, and J smiled at me with love as i trembled, collapsing into Her arms.
As we lay in bed later that night i was still feeling overwhelmed with devotion and gratitude, and in how while we have a lot of fun with our Femdom adventures, the simple beauty of worshiping Her body is in many ways the pinnacle of what it means to be Hers.
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
1:42 AM
6 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Thursday, January 3, 2013
Twister!
Hope all of you had wonderful holidays! We sure did, lots of fun family time and fun, um, alone time. :-) And some great presents...one of which has already become an amazing new part of our Femdom marriage and one of J's new favorite activities.
One of my present from J was a copy of the classic old game Twister. For those of you who don't know the game, it's an old game with a grid of colored circles that you put on the floor. You play by spinning a wheel that lands on one of the colors and one of your hands or feet. So each time you spin you get something like "right hand on red" or "left foot on blue."
Now usually you play this game with a few people on the board and the goal is to be able to put your hands and feet where you are supposed to without falling down. The last person who can stay up is then declared the winner. But J had something different in mind...one where i was the only person on the grid and where, well, i think we both end up winners! :-)
We set up the grid in the basement, J ordered me to strip, kneel and kiss her feet. She put my collar around my neck and then had me kneel before the grid of circles, head lowered.
"you are in for it today, dear...Merry Christmas my slave," J whispered in my ear. i trembled as She laughed softly and then spun the wheel.
'Right hand red' came up first and i slid my hand onto the red circle.
'Left foot blue' was next and i complied.
J kept spinning the wheel, and i eventually ended up with both feet and hands on the grid, my hands crossed awkwardly and feet spread wide as i struggled to maintain position.
"Hmmmm...that will work," J smiled.
WHACK! Down came the flogger on my butt, the leather straps licking the inside of my spread thighs. J started flogging me while i struggled to keep my position, Her strokes coming faster and harder. i was shaking visibly, my shoulders aching, feet sliding and cock stiffening as She laughed and flogged me mercilessly.
i was somehow able to hold position for 20 strokes of the flogger. J slid Her hand along my thigh and burning ass and cooed "well done, slave." i twisted my head to gaze at Her and was incredibly aroused by the devilish and playful look on Her face.
"Let's keep playing, slave...you up to it?"
"Yes my Lady," i whispered back, though i was not sure i was.
J kept spinning the wheel until She got me in a position She liked. This time i had to turn over to keep my hands and feet on the right spots and was holding myself up awkwardly with my hands behind me and feet spread again when J stopped.
She grabbed the crop, smiled and said "twenty more, slave. Now don't fall..."
WHACK came the crop across my inner left thigh. The sting made me gasp but J kept it up, cropping my on the inside of each thigh. i lasted nine strokes before i stumbled and fell.
"Oh dear...tsk, tsk, tsk. What happened?" J smiled evilly.
"i..im sorry Mistress. i..couldn't stay up."
"Well...some punishment is definitely in order, slave," J smiled.
i was ordered to crawl to Her feet and then forced to draw from the punishment box. i drew cold shower and was forced to endure a cold shower with J sitting nearby laughing as i danced under the freezing water. We then returned to play twister some more, which J seemingly could not get enough of.
We have played a few more times, as we both enjoy the game and J in particular seems to relish watching me struggle to stay up in position while She tortures me. She has even texted me three times from work weith the single word "twister," which means i am to get the game out and bring it to our basement along with our toys and then be kneeling next to it naked upon Her arrival home.
We have mixed it up some as well. J decided once that She would simply flog, spank or paddle me after each 5 spins of the wheel regardless of the position i was in. We have also brought dice down to determine which implement should be used where. This had led to my being put in all kinds of predicaments! And each time i fall or falter i draw from the punishment box, and then we play again.
It is all immense fun, especially because i loooooove seeing how much pleasure and delight J gets from watching me struggle. Her smile is one of the most beautiful things in the world, and Her wicked laugh is music to my ears.
i cannot recommend it enough: go out and get yourself a copy of Twister. i never would have thought of it, but J's mind has brought yet another wonderful element of our loving Femdom marriage.
Happy New year to you all, one of my resolutions is to blog more so hopefully you'll be seeing more of me in 2013!
Posted by
Adoring My Wife
at
2:59 PM
3 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
My Blog List
Femdom Resource
Hard, soft or somewhere in between
11 hours ago
Strict Julie Spanks!
timmy spanked
1 day ago
Sensual Femdom
Feeldoe and Strapon Fun
6 days ago
Woman In Control
PAIN : GIVING AND TAKING
1 week ago
He rules the roost, she rules the rooster
2015 Sexual Year in Review of a Loving Married Couple
1 week ago
Respecting Mistress
Dawn caning and the threat of being mentored
1 month ago
I am her Maine sub
Summer Fetish Flea Market
1 year ago
All Mine
Kicking (and Spanking) Ass!
1 year ago
Her Loyal Knight
Training, Punishment & Orgasms
2 years ago
Followers
Blog Archive
▼
2013
(7)
▼
June
(2)
Cognitive Dissonance
Punished, Part 2
►
February
(1)
►
January
(4)
►
2012
(18)
►
October
(2)
►
September
(2)
►
August
(2)
►
May
(2)
►
April
(2)
►
March
(2)
►
February
(4)
►
January
(2)
Ethereal template. Powered by Blogger.