https://www.adrinkinthedesert.blogspot.com
s fromda west
s fromda west
Its A.G. inda AZ
2/19/2007
been awile agian, but this wekend was a blast
ROLLERDERBY ! ! !
Dust Devil 2007 in tucson...
What a great day, we went on saturday for day two... it was GREAT!!!
Wee, Geezah, and E went down to E's ma and dad's house in tuscon and it was such a cool house. The back yard was plush, with a great view back out on Tucson... we had some pizza from Magpies, which I'd never had as was tasty!!! mmmmm... again the curse of Papa J's... none of the locations would deliver to us, they just popped us along between three different stores... it was funny cause the exact same thing happened to us when we were all psysched for Pappa J's in Flagsatff, on new years... but Magpies did themselves proud, an I was drinking Gin and Juice, God knows why... to get rid of the bottle mostly I guess... but Tuscon and Rollerderby weekend somehow qulified gin and hawiian punch with a splash of whitegrape juice in der too, for good measure...
saturday we got there for the end of the first bout between the Texecutioners and the Sincity Neander dolls... both teams skated der asses of but the experience of the Texecutioners http://www.txrollergirls.com/ showed in the end and they won...Sincityhttp://www.sincityrollergirls.com/ was great in their orange and black tiger stripes and Shana th'dead got a golden skate award for her efforts... Other great were Bruce Killis, Trish the Dish, and the whole team did great...
Texas rolled smoothly, it was the first time Ive seen them, after hearing soooo much, but I must say we were all empressed... Slim Kickins, LUILLE BRAWL (POSSIBLY THE BEST NAME OF THE DERBY!!
WE ALL EFFIN DIED!!!) Bloody mary, sic shooter and all the rest really took it too 'em.
well done too all in the bout...some pics are here http://www.photoshelter.com/usr-show/U0000hVs6Ivl3eoY theyre great, this person did a great job capturing the speed and spirit of the derby... im givin only props here, but if you have a problem with me linking you, please just let me know in comments and i'll take ya off, no worries : ) The next bout was http://www.ratcityrollergirls.com/ RAT CITY versus http://www.bayareaderbygirlsgirls.com/ and rat city roller, despite BAD's best efforts... Rat city was great and theyre fans were too!!!
we were sittin right in the middle of them, and they all were nothin but smiles and laughs, we all had so much fun... and THE RATMAN HOULAHAN was the best mascot ever...not just rollermascot, but better than any college mascot or pro, be it the phillie phanatic, or the pittsburgh parrot, hell id go as far as even say stayley the bear...
and Drew blood, Valtron 3000 (great names both) rettig to rumble, with the skull painted face was a FBomb menace out there, taking folks down!!! hideous braxley gets the PHD award for oddest refernece that my brother and sister will enjoy... there coach was chuck bury, and there was some funny, tshirt/ myspace thing going on in warm ups that the BAD Girls wore a picture from his myspace on their t's, i think i got that right... but the best name of the derby might just have to go to PIA MESS 24/7 of Ratcity, she had the funniest name, and was quite dope on the skates.. jammed her ass off, and well, if you were there you know!!!Bad was great too Kit Turbo, Racey Lane, Evil red, polly pure dread was great too, her little baby was holding up a sign that said "my mommy can knock you down!" it was fun, great fans great team, rough game, RATCITY got my new fave team awrd... rock on ratcity!!!then it was time for our favorite http://www.azrollerderby.com/ AZRD!!!!!!
vrs
KCRW the rolling warriors, in red and white, and wowser, we thought in the prebout warm up, no no no is it a roll up??? no in the warm up that there was no way that http://www.kcrollerwarriors.com/ would be able to touch my favorite skater ever MINK STOLE, and her girls the tent city terrors... brickhouse, babe ruthless (LOL), pardon my french, denise lightning and whos nuts ????
DEEZ NUTZ... and the geez wore his bad news beaters shirt, our fav team in phx and Rayna Rage gave him some love for it, pre bout when we were walking around looking at stickers... it was the best bout ive ever seen, really, not that ive seen a million or anything, but it was so, close, for so long, kc
was really quick!!! i mean really quick.... snot rocket...yah you heard me... snot rocket, a close number 2 in the best name of the derby catagory, was
lean,mean and quick as hell!!! at several points the whole stadium, minus us AZRD fans were standing and chanting "SNOT ROCK ET!
SNOT ROCK ET!!! and i thought to myself, no i can die a happy man because Ive married the woman of my dreams, and heard a rollerrink full of tattooed people, drunkenly chant SNOT ROCKET!!! LOL oooo man it was the best... but she dee claw, jessika abbid, and Dominant Jean XX, my personal best allaround skater of the day, that i saw, was great too... LOL the name kills me and the number on top of that... aaawww man! i died when i saw that!
truly back and forth the whole way, our girls rocked... but in the end KC beat em... ooo man, the place was RAWCUS!!! it was nuts, soo fun, but really we couldnt beleive it... so we leftand kc skated so well, and our girls tried so hard, in the end we were just to sad to stay for the next match, and we left dejected, back to the beautiful backyard, and a shitton of white russians (had to finish the kaluha)... we watched a rerubn of snl, with JT and AS doin "dick in a box" oooh that shit killed us too... and drove back yesterday : )it was a great weekend i cant wait to travel a little and see more teams... I met what i can only assume to be a windycity roller girl http://www.windycityrollers.com/who stopped me cause i was rockin the
white, pin striped, cubs jersey and she showed me her tats.. but now that i think of it i dont think they were there, but she had
the cubbybear on one forarm and the beaer on the other, reppin the chi... i said i was from waukegan though and she laughed and said close enough!!!cant wait to see http://madrollindolls.com/ , http://mnrollergirls.com/ and more, but i hope i never see KCRW again!!!! just kiddin... Wee, Geez, E, I had a blast... we should try and get one mo derby in before summer... but we'll see... HAPPY PESIDENTS DAY TO ALL,and support your local rollergirl!!!!
posted by s fromda west @ 11:12 AM
4 comments
1/30/2007
Beavers 52 Dragons 51 !!!!
I know its been awhile since my last blog, please forgive my spike in responsabilities at work... haha but that was accompanied by an admin of the year award, so i guess it was worth it. That being said I stayed home today because my friggin throat is KILLING me!!! And my wifey Wee seems to be coming down with the same thing...
So wee rented a few movies to watch while wasting our day on the pull out couch, cloriseptic throat spray close at hand, hot chocolate and the dogs to keep piur toes warm! We rented Flyboys, which I thought was about the tryouts for male In Living Color Dancers, but was a WWI plane shooter flick... It was really good though, a little bit ogf a love stroy thown in there for good measure, but a lot of action and all in all worth the watch... I also rented the Jerk with steve martin, cause Wee has never seen it and its a classic, and Employee of the month with dane cook, cause he kills me too!!! But what to ouir wonderous eyes did appear on HBO, after we finished flyboys??? Teen Wolf !!! Which Wee has never seen either, and just a few weeks ago Hugo and I put that in the top 5 of her must see list... Teen Wolf being Marty Mcfly, I mean Scott Howard, plays on his High school basketball team (the beavers) and they win the last game versus his arch rival and his team the dragons... I love this movie it can always make me smile, but the bball montages suck!!!! The music sucked, the action sucked, and Im not lying when i say this but there was like 5 shots of the same layup in one montage... and in the SECOND bball montage in the movie, yah i said it the SECOND bball montage, which really cmon, just show us a picture of the school paper saying BEAVERS Win, cause there were montage shots from the first montage in the second montage!!! did they think we wouldnt notice they were playing a blue team, and that jersey that just got posterized with another patented layup is in a brown jersey....Coolest part of the movie is either the fact that Francis from Pee Wee's big adventure was the big man in the middle rockin number 55... Or that Marty Mcfly, I mean tean wolf wore number 42... THE ANSWER from Hitchikers guide to the galaxy...or that teen wolfes girls name is Boof.yah thats probably it Boof.
posted by s fromda west @ 4:03 PM
0 comments
11/13/2006
Uncle Beaner...DEAD
Thats right freindly reader... your luvable guest writer Dr Beaner is playing long time best buddy/ fellow sports nut/ your dear writer...me in fantasy bball this week. This, coming a day after I finally got my fantasy football team
"The Chris Knights of Colombus" to .500, beating the Benchedwarmers soundly 110-67. Now its beaner's turn... his Beaners Allstars shall fall to my Beat Street Breakers.... lead by none other than... my favorite... Ron Artest.
the only other fantasy bball league i have ever been in was with Beaner when we were mere boys at the U... At that time i had my hair cut short, with a "part" down the middle... actually it was a shaved line... ala Adrock, late 90s Beastieboys... like a thin reverse mohawk... well Ron Artest showed up that year with the same hair cut... and since he was already my favorite rookie that year, i went the very fitting team name of "The Ron Arteset Haircuts". I think i finished dead last that year... LOL but it was fun... a reason to go to the computer lab... get absoloutely no homework done, but still feel like I accomplished something...LOLBeat Street : Taking Uncle Beaner to the 3rd rail like Ramo did Spit!!!and if you have to ask... you'll never know.
posted by s fromda west @ 10:32 AM
0 comments
11/01/2006
Last saturday night we went to E and Steve O's murder mystery party... and it was fuuuuu uuun!!!
It was a 1920's mystery, based around a speakeasy called the 4 deuces... they held the party at E's mom's house, which is actually right around the corner from the chapel we got married in... and actually, actually we all got ready in that house, pre wedding stylies...
But E and her ma really decked the house out... it looked just like a brothelish, speakeasy, cabin.
the decorations were great complete with maniquins, feather boas, a food spread to die for (including chocolate fondu fountain of love!!!!
Everyone (30 maybe) came dressed in that era and had already gottn their parts to play... some people did really awesome, their costumes were perfect and they acted it all out so well, i could hardly tell if they really were... but the first murder happened... the only planned one...and we had to watch for clues as to who murdered him... and then there was also 4 other murder weapons that one could find via clues again and use those however they saw fit... heres where it gets fun!
Steve O was the owner of the club and my boss, i was his bouncer, and there was a suposed rival gang in from new yrk (we were in the chi) but noone knew who they were... so i went out and tried to gather clues as to why these guys were around and what their business was, and then there was another murder... it was our accountant who was brokering a deal between steve and the first murder victim (steves business partner)... i never found a murder weapon so I was kinda worried... then Wee got murdered, she was a soiled dove who was possibly in the know about the first murder...
Oh yah and there was fake money involved... and i was dealing cards for a bit and hid the "houses" money after the game... a little while later one of the other soiled doves comes up to me asking me about the NY gang and who was in it... I didnt tell her anything and told her if one of them wanted to talk to me then come on over... bright idea eh?
find out whos tryin to muscle in on my bosses turf!
So I talked to this guy and they offer to buy me out, and they'll let me in on a little secret... I said i'd get back to them, and as i'm walking back over to my boss, the lady intercepts me and wants to talk... "I think I just heard that youre next!""What?"yeah i heard one of your bosses guys telling him that you were selling out to the ny gang and he's coming for you... so i went up to steve the bossman and talked to him, not about that, but just shooting the shit trying to have him tip me off one way or another... i though he was acting kinda weird, so I went back over by the NY gang guy and asked him if he knew where the last murder weapon is...and he did, and said he knew someone whod do it for a total of 2000 dollars....so i ran back to where i hid the money and grabbed it for him, 10 minutes later someone yelled "the boss had been killed!" and i was officially a member of the NY gang...about 10 minutes later it was all over... we all counted our money, wrote who we thought killed the first victim, voted on best actors and costumes and other small things... I was the only one who guessed who the murderer was... the guys who i payed to off my boss ended up with the most money, and then i asked steve if he was going to kill me?he said no and i had to confess that i had him murdered cause i thought that he was going to...Hahahahaand then we all went to PJs Village Pub and continued to drink beer and do shots, and ooooo come 2 am i qwas already hurting baaaaad... we got home, and finally fell asleep around 330 or so...it was sucha blast if you have the chance to ever go to one DO!
or even throw one of the parties... i imagine it was alot of work, E and her ma hooked it all up by themselves and did a gorgeous job of it... everything was perfect from the chocolate fountain (can you tell i liked this part) all the way down to the vodka mixers that slid like bathtub gin!!!thanks E and steve yall are the best...Wee and I had sucha good time!!! Cholla
posted by s fromda west @ 2:29 PM
0 comments
10/22/2006
last set of bach night pics
heres Molly and i... And I'm either telling some to hang loose, or mol that she is a good girl (thats the sign we use for our deaf dog for good girl)... and Molly is wishing for something? Or hasta pee, whats with that face? Or is making a special little gun to emphasize an important drunken point.... LOL
and heres one of the f'ing marlboro man all hopped up on steroids and strippers, with long distance...smashed... chadly is going badly to worse in this very photo, and hugo hanging all over me,what i am saying or why im throwing up an old Waukegan gang sign... i have no idea, alcohol was involved....the week was crazy!!! I mean it was just the longest party of our lives, thanks for everything everyone... people came from a long way away... I still gotta get my pics of audrey and trenda up here... bt wowser!!! Everyone i talked to after just laughed at their own drunkeness... so many emails and phone conversations that jsut went "ooo man that night i got here we all got sooooo wasted!!! Me and so and so, did such and such and OMG!!!" hahahaha...When I saw this shot of L Boogie, her look of utter disbalief summed it up best!!!Thanks again to everyone, these small blogs due the week, nor you guys justice, we love you all.. I just wanted to post some of the good pics... the funny ones...speaking of funny ones I'll leave you with this cheesy joke:didjya hear the one about the two attenaes that got married?The wedding was okay but the recepotion was AWESOME!!!
posted by s fromda west @ 10:07 PM
1 comments
in the future
Our little world will be attacked by alein beings, bent on sucking all of our brains out through our navels... it will be the united front of L Boogies that save the day... that give the human race a seond chance... and here is a foto of the two coolest L Boogie Mofo you ever won know!!!
They of course could never protect one from the dreaded...
nut shot!!! Illustrated beautifully here by, and quite ironically Richard... photo by Chadly go Badly, circa bach night 2006.
Richard of course recovered beautifully and is seen here later having a dink with six while the bride and groom watch some other crazy duo do some other crazy thing... LOL
posted by s fromda west @ 9:53 PM
1 comments
pictures from thursday night
Thursday night before the wedding was the bachelor/ bachelorette party... there is another picture a few posts down of all of us leaving the circle K in the VOC... the boys all went up to Flagstaff for dinner and a few beverages at one of the many fine local establishments...
heres a few of the boys leaving that fine establishment... the waitstaff was encouragable!
This on was from the Pub after we all met up back in the village.. me,ry,chad, and long distance
Me and Nifer bustin a move... everyone had a blast
posted by s fromda west @ 9:43 PM
3 comments
Random pre wedding week shots
heres a shot from thursday night, bachelor party, right before leaving the VOC...
from left to right for does of yas who don no nutin bout nutin...
Booshkie, hugo, me, richard, mike, brett, steve o aka geezah. bottom row: ry, j, chadly go badly, benny aka "longdistance".
me whooping up on Hugo, post bar, maybe wednesday night or maybe thursday in the garage...
Hugos shirt was th best... "Dorothy Mantooth is a Saint!"
and my darling sister and I at PJs Village pub, maybe tuesday nighy... no no deffinately wednesday...
we tend to chill in the Dart Accessoriesareas no matter where we go.
and thats a few more pictures...
are we having fun yet?
posted by s fromda west @ 9:31 PM
1 comments
old pictures
We finally got internet at the casa, and so I can get some of these old pictures up, these were from like last spring, when Me and Chad went up and shot some hoops in old Jerome... That old basketball court up there is so cool, truely old school, andit feels like its hanging right on the side of the world.
Dunkin' on fools and that hoop was like 12 feet high!!! LOL it was the light air due to the higher elevation.
Look at that box out position!!!
This was still during one of the longest winning streaks in modern professional sport... I had beaten Chad like forever in a row, untill recently when he defeated me 21-19 in the VOC at the courts over on Red Rock Rd.
posted by s fromda west @ 9:22 PM
0 comments
10/18/2006
orange roses for autumn
orange roses 4
AUTUMN yaaaah!!!!
As I sat Monday night and watched the Bears starting up the second half of their worst game of the year, I thought to myself out loud. "FFFFUCKINGGG SHIIT!!"I could already feel it in my bones, the feeling of a blown game, the feeling that the Bears really are cursed on monday nights, the there goes the perfect season feeling... and then Wees phone rang and it was one of her besties... Autumn (pictured above)
aka 'fwiendship' she was calling from Zoomers (a bar in Cottonwood) where she was watching the game and evidentally feeling that Wee might not be 100% safe with the Bears sucking the way that they were...Wee hung up the phone, and I SHIT YOU NOT, the very next play the Bears scored their first touchdown... A few minutes later the Bizzies scored again and the rest as they say... is history, Bears come back to win, the night is saved, Wee and I laugh and I apologize for dropping the F BOMB 9,000 times in the previous 4 hours... and everything is AG... I guess you can say... that Fwiendship pretty much saved the day!!!So to all of you Bears fans who would like to thank her for singlehandedly saving our season... please write your thank yous here and I will get the message to her.
posted by s fromda west @ 10:37 AM
0 comments
10/16/2006
OMFG!!!!!
http://www.funrestarea.com/pages/can_crusher.shtml
this should set womans lib back a few decades!
posted by s fromda west @ 3:35 PM
0 comments
Monday night/ weekend recap
DA BEARS ! ! !Chadly go badly is going down for it in PHX. As well as B stein and even some of my guys from waukegan are flying in for it. Am i going? NOPE. Goddamn devil he and the man made a plan that has kept me at work until 4 today and the trip down to the stadium is 2 hours at the least... I thought about trying to make it... but it's not worth it, the bears are gonna blow it up anyway!!! So i'll be home watching the game, drinking a Guiness or two. : )This weekend was pretty fun. Friday night, Wee, me, chad, wrigley all went up and camped in Flagstaff... near by where we camped a few weeks ago. We got there right at sundown, got the camp up, and a fire started and then... RAIN sprinkled off and on until we went to bed... The fire kept us warm, and our clothes never really got too wet... we played the new trivial pursuit 80s edition... it was no contest. C'mon I'm the trivia master, no matter the edition... but if you wanna get some 80s edition action on... at least it wont hurt for that long... I'll finish you quick... I mean, one of mycorret answers was Momar Khadaffi (misspelled here) but answered correctly... how many other african nation leaders do you know that had an adopted child killed by the US? well okay theres probably thousands... but in the 80's? that narrows it down to at least a hundred or so... and how can you NOT LOVE a game where the game piece choices include 'love a lot bear' and a trapper keeper... i was the trapper, DUH! We drank some kind brews... oktoberfest, wheat ales, and a dark one from cali somewhere... and then I drank about a pot of coffee with about a fifth of baileys mixed in... and stayed up by myself for an hour or so... we were waaaaaay back there in the woods all by ourselves, and Wee took Wrigley in to sleep with her... so I sat out and listened to the rain that was coming down a lot harder by then... listened to the fire crackle, and then heard something rather large breaking bush branches, and snapping forrest floor twigs... I couldnt see it, even with my flash light... visions of the Predator started popping into my head... not visions of him when he was visible, but member that effect that they used that kind of rippled the air where he would be... yah, i was imaging that... It could have been the half case of beer that i drank or the baileys and coffee or the smoke... or it probably was an elk or squirrel or raccoon... i decided not to test it and just hit the sack...It continued to rain hard all night long, so much so that we figured it was in or best interest to call it a camping trip that morning and just head home... oooooo that hot shower felt so good, and a bowl of cereal and a cup of coffee sans baileys this time and I was prime for football... squeezed a nap in there around 2 and got ready for the pub... it was Larrys last night... the pubs longtime barteneder who is moving on to Telluride, the lucky bastard... so we had some drinks there with steve o the geezah and elise, and went back to our house for... more trivial pursuit 80s ed.!!! Which I won again...no big deal. I mean the only thing that kept the other T.P. games close was the fact that I wasnt alive when most of the stuff happened, and have to rely on what I have heard or read... Now with this one I was actually alive during those times??!!...pppsscchtt forget about it.Cant wait to come home and kick my family's ass in it on christmas eve...If my punk ass brother doesnt go out and buy it and try and commit it all to memory, or write it all down on a cheet sheet, and paste it to the cup cupboard door... "Ryan, who sang with rick james on the song 'party all the time?'""Uhh lemme get a glass of water while i think...(opens cupboard) O yah, that would be eddie murphy!" I'll be watchin you Ry!have agreat night everyone...mol sure would love a post from you some time biatch... I'll be YOUR fairy blog father..."GET IT GOING MOLLY! WE ARE SICK OF F'ING BABY PANDAS!!!!!!"BEARDOWN!!!!
posted by s fromda west @ 2:56 PM
0 comments
About Me
Name:
s fromda west
Location:
Rimrock/Sedona, Arizona, United States
I moved out to Arizona from Wisconsin, from Illinois, about 5 years ago after I met my gorgeous fiance.
I'm a pretty laid back guy really.
But I love a good adventure... whether it's a good hike, a good game of cornhole, night out on the town, or a creative adventure... writing or painting.
View my complete profile
Links
Themes from the Coolest Sister Ever
Blogging Ya Ya
Six aka Brett in the Chi
AZ Cornhole
Quarter Life
Rock Stackers
Work Horse Visuals
Stencil Graffiti
Rollin Dolls
Chi Town Rollergirlz
AZ Rollerderby
Previous Posts
been awile agian, but this wekend was a blast
Beavers 52 Dragons 51 !!!!
Uncle Beaner...DEAD
Last saturday night we went to E and Steve O's mur...
last set of bach night pics
in the future
pictures from thursday night
Random pre wedding week shots
old pictures
orange roses for autumn
Archives
09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005
10/01/2005 - 11/01/2005
11/01/2005 - 12/01/2005
12/01/2005 - 01/01/2006
01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006
02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006
03/01/2006 - 04/01/2006
04/01/2006 - 05/01/2006
05/01/2006 - 06/01/2006
06/01/2006 - 07/01/2006
07/01/2006 - 08/01/2006
08/01/2006 - 09/01/2006
09/01/2006 - 10/01/2006
10/01/2006 - 11/01/2006
11/01/2006 - 12/01/2006
01/01/2007 - 02/01/2007
02/01/2007 - 03/01/2007