https://www.adult.cupidsarrow-dating.com
Home
SC Assist
Search...
HomeAbout UsNewsContact Us
Creating Your Site
Print
Email
Details
Written by Joomla
Category: Uncategorised
Published: 04 January 2012
Hits: 32609
Joomla! is all about allowing you to create a site that matches your vision. The possibilities are limitless; this sample site will get you started.
There are a few things you should know to get you started.
Every Joomla! Web site has two parts: the Site (which is what your site visitors see) and the Administrator (which is where you will do a lot of the site management). You need to log in to the Administrator separately with the same username and password. There is a link to the administrator on the top menu that you will see when you log in.
You can edit articles in the Site by clicking on the edit icon. You can create a new article by clicking on the Create Article link in the top menu.
To do basic changes to the appearance your site click Home, Site Settings and Home, Template Settings.Â
To do Â more advanced things, like edit the contact form, manage users, or install a new template or extension, login to the Administrator.
Some quick tips for working in the Administrator
To change the image on all the pages: Go to the Module Manager and click on Image Module.
To edit the Side Module: Go to Extensions, Module Manager and click on Side Module.
To edit the Contact Form: Go to Components, Contacts. Click on Your Name.
Once you have your basic site you may want to install your own template (that controls the overall design of your site) and then, perhaps additional extensions.
There is a lot of help available for Joomla!. You can visit the Joomla! forums and the Joomla! documentation site to get started.
You are here:  Home
Side Module
This is a module where you might want to add some more information or an image,
a link to your social media presence, or whatever makes sense for your site.
You can edit this module in the module manager. Look for the Side Module.
Login Form
User Name
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Create an account
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?
Back to Top
© 2016 SC Assist