https://www.adult-sex-girl.tumblr.com
Adult Sex Girl
Home
Archive
RSS
About Me
Posting girls of all kind blondes, teen, group, trannys, amateur anything i find hot, all over 18+ and for copyright issues I DO NOT own any of these pictures
Adult Sex Girl
Double bodyweight yoke walks and……………………….
Now The Secret That Has Been Used To Sculpt The Best Bodies In The World For Over 3000 Years Is Finally Condensed Into A Simple 21-Minute Weight Loss System Available to Men & Women EverywhereIN ONLY 21 MINUTES A DAY YOU WILL…    1.Burn a bit of belly fat every day…    2.Experience more energy & better health…    3.Reduce aches, pains and injuries    4.Enjoy eating more yummy carbs…    5.Without ever going to the gym…    6.Using your own bodyweight…    7.With Zero Equipment…Http://www.docpv.ml/tracking202/redirect/dl.php?t202id=1196&t202kw=4dewussifiedfitness:
I watched some extremely tough gals do a brutal event towards the end of the Reebok CrossFit Games last night.
Some people will tune out because I said CrossFit, no problem, go ahead.
For the serious strength enthusiasts, who know what hard work is, this is still impressive.
This event involved six rounds of 300lb yoke walks for 50 feet and 400 meter runs, with no rest.The yoke weight was easily…View On WordPress
1 notes
5 months ago
How To Pick Up Women On Adult Dating Sites?
Are you kidding me? Adult dating sites??
Yep, you read that right.
I know this may be a bit of a “dodgy” topic to talk about because online adult dating sites have been tarnished as hooker peddling, crazy person platforms… but I’ve been assured by a close friend of mine that they are the real deal.
…well “some” of them are anyway.
So I get a call from a friend I’ve known a while (like 5 years or so) on a Sunday evening and before I can even say hello, he says…
“I’ve cracked it! I’ve f**king cracked it dude!”
So my first natural response was…
“Huh? Cracked what you nutter?”
He ranted on about how he’d been playing around with these seedy dating sites for months, paying hundreds of dollars, just trying to see if there were any girls on there he could bang.
Well as you can imagine… nothing happened.
He contacted tons of women, but nothing happened… not one response from a single girl in months.
He almost gave up… almost.
After about a minute of him excitedly telling me how he just had sex with a hot blonde in a hotel 10 minutes away from his apartment (WITHOUT paying for it)… I asked him…
“So how did you do it?”
I have to admit I WAS curious. I mean I’m not the sought of guy that will ever use these types of sites, but I’m still a man and being able to hook up with a girl for one night with no strings attached (that you don’t pay) does seem interesting.
After calming himself down, he eventually gave me the exact steps he’d used to get 6 girls into bed within just 8 days of using it.
But here’s the best part…
It’s freaking easy.
I mean, stupid proof. All it took was a few tweaks to his profile and intro messages and that was it… he was getting consistent responses from women wanting to meet him for sex.
So here it is. His exact system.
The reason I decided to post it here is because I get messages from guys all the time asking me if I’ve ever tried an adult site and if they are real, so makes sense to put it up.
IMPORTANT: This system works… however if you want to learn some advanced techniques that will allow you to sleep with as many women as you like on a daily or weekly basis, then you should check this out.
Let’s get into it.
The 4 step system
This simple system should be followed to the letter.
1. Sign up for the free trials
Get an account with the best adult dating sites and use their free trial to snoop around the site. NEVER pay anything upfront, you want to see if the girls are hot and if the accounts seem real.
Also if the ratio of men to women is good. There’s no point in adding your profile to a site that has millions of men on there and only a few thousand women. You’ll get swallowed up in no time.
Take notes on which site you liked best based on the following:
Quality of women
Number of men to women
Ease of use
Profile elements (what you can add to enhance your profile i.e videos, multiple photos etc)
2. Setup your profile correctly
Once you’ve picked the best site from your research, you need to take some time with setting up your profile properly.
This is where most guys fail. They either put crappy nonsense in their profile with outdated pictures or they write sappy things that don’t belong on sites like these. Remember women are here for “casual sex” too, don’t scare them away with romance rubbish.
Profile elements you need to nail:
Profile picture – Needs to be updated every month and should be taken within the last month. Nothing saucy, just a profile shot showing you from the waist up so girls can see your face. To get the best responses from girls, you should test to see which photo gets viewed the most and what girls like. I’d recommend uploading several shots to Hot or Not and using the one that gets ranked highest.
Other pictures – You need a variety of normal shots. Some of you smiling, posing, top off, out with friends etc. DO NOT post any of you naked with a boner. I know this sounds dumb but it’s too much, even on these sites. Women like to get warmed up and think about what’s under your boxers, if it’s just there hanging around like a wet fish, it leaves nothing to the imagination.
Video – Some sites allow you to post videos. I would advise you create a short 30 second clip of you talking into a webcam. Just say that you’re looking to meet up with a “normal” girl who wants to have a bit of fun… nothing freaky ;)
About you – Be truthful, playful and and honest. So say something like “Are you a freak in the bedroom young lady? Then I’d like to hear from you ;) I’m looking for a little fun and to spice things up in the bedroom, be gentle.. I’m new to this.
Sexual interests – Specify what you want from a girl and what you like to do, don’t be too graphic. Think 50 shades of grey when writing this stuff, not sicko porn.
Basically the more NORMAL and REAL you seem on your profile the more women will click on it and contact you, or just reply to your message after seeing it.
1 year ago
3 notes
1 year ago
imgearn.net
1 notes
1 year ago
(via #LeannaDecker
#UrBliss #MirrorMonday #TittyTuesday #AssWednesday…)
1 notes
1 year ago
(via Strip tease au love hotel Paris
#UrBliss #MirrorMonday…)
1 year ago
(via MILF pleasing Schoolgirls Pussys,By Blondelover….)
1 year ago
(via the-new-ella-grace: Urgh. I highly doubt I will be fitting into…)
1 year ago
(via clerkl: wordsaretimeless: lawd the good and Gracious creator…)
1 year ago
(via clubthirstyhearts: Hallo)
4 notes
1 year ago