https://www.adultauction-blog.tumblr.com
Steamy Adult Auctions!
Steamy Adult Auctions!
Buck Angel: Crazy Haters! »
So my last post yesterday I talked about how wonderful it’s been to receive all this amazing supportive email from people. How my being out there has helped so many people come to terms with crap it their lives. Then BAM!! I get this crazy ass person send me probably one of the most hateful and…
No one deserves to be treated thusly, especially not a talented, creative, brave role model for the gender dysphoric everywhere like Buck. I hope the police scare some sense into that person.
Reblogged 5 years ago from buckangel
30 notes
New Feature Tuesday: Daily Most Popular Adult Website Users, Activity Stream Controls
Well, I guess we’re making a bid for the adult website with the most neatest features! Check out lots of nerdy details… over yander!
Posted 5 years ago
2 notes
incredible panty seller *market analysis* weblog entry!
“…..If you do give it a try like I did, make sure that you plan the ROI carefully so you can at least walk away with a little for yourself, still, treat it like gambling and don’t list an auction if you can’t afford to lose that money.” I was doing a bit of research on panty selling today because we now have 19 pairs of panties listed for sale on Steamy (WOW!) and stumbled across this weblog entry by a beautiful young lady selling her panties: my ebanned experience. The incredible thing is, her weblog entries are actually MARKET analysis basically! WOW. We had no idea that ebanned had such steep fees, or that it was so hard to break in when you’re new, oh my goodness. No wonder so many people are selling on Steamy now. She hasn’t updated in a couple of years, but her posts still seem really relevant to me. Panty selling ladies, what do you think? Does her weblog remain relevant still?? I think its a shame that young lady doesn’t seem to be selling her undies any more. She’s *far* from the dumb bimbo type that I’ve had the unfortunate experience of meeting a few times: She seemed bright and focused, and that will get you far, even in the adult industry.
Posted 5 years ago
2 notes
Katy Terrega’s “It’s A Dirty Job…Writing Porn For Fun and Profit!”… Has anyone actually read this?
This is a book with some extremely mixed reviews. Some of the reviews seem to believe that katy is the ultimate a 40 on writing erotica. Other reviews seemed to question whether or not he had even ever published a short story before.Has anyone read her book? Can you weigh in on whether or not this would be any good read for an inspiring porn writer?http://www.amazon.com/Dirty-Job-Writing-Profit-Paying-Markets/dp/1929072236If you had to recommend another book, which would it be?
Posted 5 years ago
2 notes
Tuesday’s Feature: add color, size, and other options to product orders!
Okay, so it’s technically Wednesday where I am. I just got around to blogging about this now, eeep! So, our feature for Tuesday is “product attributes.” This feature is SUPER complicated, but basically, if you’re selling a sexy bra and panty set, you could add the attribute “colors” with the options: black, red, and white.
Even cooler, if the red panty set was harder to make, or more expensive materials: It needed more lace trim, for example. You can adjust the price per option! In this example, when the customer selected “red” they would be charged $2 or so on top of the base price. Still confused? Check out the newly created product Safer Sex Materials Bench and look at the kit and color options. Try adding it to your cart (but don’t check out unless you really plan to buy it, of course!) Isn’t that awesome? Much thanks to Aperture Tools for providing a thorough list of common product attributes, and SkaryDungeonFurniture for adding the first product with multiple checkout options! So now what we need from you is this: Sellers, edit your products and add attributes!! Buyers, try buying a few products and playing with the various options. Let me know how it works out….
And let me know what options we should add in the future. More size options? More color options? Something totally new and unusual? We can create just about anything you need…..
Posted 5 years ago
2 notes
How To Sell Used Panties, Part 1: Creating the Product & Listing It
It is very common for men to have a panty fetish, particularly for used women’s panties. To fulfill their desires, they often seek to purchase worn panties online. There are many ways to go about selling your used underwear. The men who buy these garments usually want them unwashed, sealed carefully in either plastic or zipped up in a self-sealing bag. They may prefer panties that have only been worn briefly, or those that have been worn for several days and have developed a strong feminine odor.
They purchase their panties from women who are the most appealing to them sexually. They may be looking for an older woman (“MILF” is a very common fetish!) or they may be looking for a young woman. They may look for a slender woman with an athletic frame, or a curvaceous lady may appeal to them. Whatever your body type is, the key is to find panties that flatter your frame and make you look absolutely irresistible, and then to take clear, attractive photos of these panties. Step 1: Taking Photos of Your Used Panties Select which pair of panties you want to sell. You may have an old favorite that is particularly sexy and you are anxious to get rid of. Or, you may choose to pick up a pair of simple and very affordable cotton panties just for this sale. Wear the panties, and if you can, adjust them carefully in the mirror to make sure they flatter your frame. It may help your sale if you are naked during the photos, or you may opt to wear a sexy top or stockings. Pick a room with the best lighting – natural window lighting on a bright summer’s day is perfect. Even a cheap digital camera or the camera on your cell phone can take a great looking picture if the lighting is right! And make sure you have a simple backdrop to photograph against, too avoid distracting the customer. A white matte wall in your home is fine, or you could put up a backdrop of some kind.
You will want to take photos from many different angles: The front, back, sides, three quarter view, and from a slight above and below angle. Make sure to capture about 5-10 shots of each of these angles, especially if you are taking the photos yourself.  If you have a friend who is willing to hold the camera, even better!
All in all, you may have dozens of photos when you are done. You will only be using the best of these photos, so prepare to be selective! Step 2: You can use adult auction sites to sell faster The next step is to find an adult auction site that allows worn, used panties. There are many of these out there! Look over their terms of service, cost or listing fee, and other details, and make your decision.
You may choose to use several different services and compare the results over time.
Even if you have a personal web site through which you can sell your panties, you should still consider adult auctions as an option! It brings more exposure to your used garment so it sells faster, introduces you to new customers, and often can help remove the difficult work of designing and updating your website. Following the instructions of that particular site is important. Read their rules and obey them carefully. Wherever possible, however, customize your listing with this information to sell faster: What color, style, and material are the panties? Even if some of those details can be seen in the description, it helps very selective customers find your product faster. Suppose your client has a fetish for “white cotton used panties?” If he uses the search feature on your site, will he find your listing? Not unless you have those particular key words in your listing! So make sure to add in all the details you can think of. You should also describe yourself a bit, even if your profile on the greater site does that. Some men specifically prefer panties worn by blondes or redheads, other men may prefer to hear the vulgar details of what you did with your panties while you were wearing them. (Going to the gym, for example, results in very sweaty panties, which some customers find very appealing!) Like all home businesses, you must be motivated to really make good money off of your sales. In our next article in this series, we will describe how to promote your panty listing to draw even MORE attention to it!
Posted 5 years ago
4 notes
Steamy Auctions is a new and innovative adult auction site where you can buy and sell any legal adult product, ranging from sex toys and BDSM gear.... to sexy videos and educational books and films.
We also have adult auctions on Livejournal, adult auctions on Blogspot, and adult auctions on
Xanga
My blog
All of Tumblr
Follow on Tumblr
Following
RSS feed
Random
Archive
Mobile
© 2010–2016 Powered by Tumblr