https://www.adult-pc-games.com
3D Sex Games - Interactive Virtual Sex Simulations - 3D SexVilla
You have to activate Javascript
Tweet
Choose your language:
Members Login
Signup
Loading...
3D SEX
Customize
Create
Community
Free Download
INTERACTIVE 3D SEX GAMES
3D SEXVILLA 2.0 -
EVERLUST
FUCK HORNY CYBER BABES Be part of the act!
Check out the hottest cyber sex game in the world and experience real-time breathtaking 3D hardcore virtual sex! More than Flash or passive video clips, 3D SexVilla 2 is a real-time adult only interactive 3D sex simulation role playing game. It's like actually being there and being part of the action! 3D SexVilla is a stimulating virtual sex simulation, with tons of content, sexy models, hot locations, outrageous poses, cool outfits, and sex toys.
Download the hottest adult game ever right now to play for FREE, and dive directly into interactive sex adventures, where you direct and control all the action!
Read more...
HOT VIRTUAL SEX
3D SexVilla, is the world's premier animated hardcore sex simulation cyber game for PCs. It allows you to customize and role play with the sexiest avatars, create your own porn, and have intimate or kinky videogame fun you cannot experience in any other video game anywhere!
You control multiple characters, how they pose and act, determining what they do, and fulfill any fantasy you can imagine.
Lifelike sex action controlled from your PC's keyboard and mouse lets you have sex anyway you want!
UNLIMITED SEX POSITIONS
Choose interactive softcore and hardcore sex poses and let the action play out before your eyes in wild HD quality. Licking, blow job, 69, riding, doggy, threesome, masturbate, missionary, anal, girl-guy, girl-girl, solo,... the combinations are endless.
SEXY VIRTUAL WORLDS
Select from exquisitely appointed and detailed virtual environments! Reality scenes include bedroom, loft, bathroom, pool, beach, park, campground, office, gym, barn, garage, yacht, or private jet! Fetish rooms include fucking machines, bondage devices, locker room, showers, and other freaky fetish exclusives.
Fantasy scenes include medieval, baroque palace, ruins, pirate ship or space station.
THE SEXIEST MODELS
Play with hot and horny cyber-girls from all over the world. These babes are ready and waiting to please you 24/7! Your idealized sexy playmates can be undressed, teased, and fucked! Designed to be personalized, every aspect of their appearance and how they act can be customized, from girl-next-door to creating a hardcore bitch.
MIND BLOWING SEX GAMES TECHNOLOGY!
Fully interactive sex toys are at your finger tips! Vibes, dildos, everyday items like vegetables and power tools! Create pleasure and pain with whips, chains and cuffs. Watch as skin reacts to whipping action and models squirm and feel the pleasure or pain of inserting anything you can imagine into anywhere you can fathom.
Free Download
UNLIMITED & UNCENSORED
CREATE & RECORD
FANTASIES
Create your dream girl! Make your own porn!
Choose from a huge selection of digital beauties or create the sex mate of your dreams... These virtual girls are always horny and willing to make you cum!
By adding "SexPacks" you can create the personalized porn of your dreams, suited exactly to your personal tastes and fantasies, with an insane number of customization options accessible anytime.
If the existing content isn't to your taste you can create your own hot sex poses, outfits, sex toys, sequences and much more...
Read more...
CREATE YOUR PERSONAL DREAM GIRL!
Customize tits, pussy, cock, hair, voice, & makeup... Hundreds of in-game controls allow fine tuning of every aspect of the sexy in-game avatars appearance. Control sliders for age, race, and gender, body tuning controls for breast size, shape, nipples, ass, pussy, penises, piercings & tattoos to create the perfectly featured sex mates! Select outfits, hairstyles, make-up with every little detail being fully customizable. Create the dream girl you always wanted to fuck!
TEXTURES
Combine, coordinate and colorize outfits and textures endlessly to create the perfect looks! Texture 'modding' capabilities allow the creation of virtually any kind of outfit or sexy playwear imaginable! Even modify skin tones, muscles and body parts like pussy lips, and dicks.
TRY NEW POSITIONS
With 'Pose Editor' you can create and derive thousands more of your very own poses, solo to threesomes! The editor specially designed for sex is the only full blown 'user-friendly' sex pose editor in the world, letting an average gamer become a sex animation expert.
SCREENSHOTS & MOVIE RECORDING
In game camera's capture screen shots and real-time movie recordings. Create previews, instant replays, from first and third person perspectives. Movies can be exported using installed codecs and saved to your hard drive for machinima mayhem!
ADVANCED SCRIPTING & MOVIE EDITING!
Create the porn you want, the way you want it with the ultimate tool for 3D movie making! Sequencer is a simple in-game tool to set up sex role play scenes using a timeline. The sequencer includes camera controls, text titling, audio, special effects and interactive multiple branching tree menus for extreme create-your-own storytelling.
TOY EDITOR
Need a special toy? The interactive sex toy editor lets the creative minded mod and texture and create custom dildos, vibes, bottles, lollipops, salami's, anything you can imagine sticky into body cavity or orifice. Your imagination is the only limit!
Free Download
GAMEROTICA
USER GENERATED CONTENT COMMUNITY Access more
of 100,000 items
Downloading 3D SexVilla 2 automatically creates a free account to Gamerotica, with access to screenshots, video clips and discussion forums.
With the community sex pack connector you get unlimited access to downloads hundreds of thousands of user generated content items: models, poses, sequences, textures, toys,... Community content exponentially expands RPG game play options and provides hundreds of hours of adult only videogame entertainment!
Read more...
gamerotica.thri.xxx lets you share and collect softcore or hardcore 3D porn. Preview other members models, and screenshots, watch content previews, or view game play highlights. Save favorites and organize your content collection online in your member profile. Vote and rank, post comments, and participate! ThriXXX's web 2.0 style member community areas advanced management system allows you to customize your sex in videogames experience with user generated bonus content!
Full Access Pass
Free access to screenshots, video clips, and forums is included in the basic membership. A community 'connector' option grants unlimited access to ALL Gamerotica content & forum privileges, which is updated daily by other members so there is a never ending supply of new and fun content.
Trade Experiences!
Upload and download OTHER gamer's fantasies that they've created and shared. Explore the bizarre worlds of others imaginations and have experiences you never would have ever dreamed of yourself.
Get Ranked Hot or Not!
Shared content can be ranked by members to see what's the hottest and horniest content out there!
Earn Rewards and Credits!
Rise from 'Newbie' to full fledged 'Porn Director' while earning achievement points and reward badges that acknowledge your skillfully crafted & most popular content contributions.
Make New Online Friends!
Gamerotica combines the worlds of video gaming, sex and social networking. 10's of thousands of SexVilla 2 users worldwide share tips and advice, and communicate with other like-minded real-people from all walks of life.
Adult sex game NEWS & Community Forums!
Stay informed about new product feature releases and what's going on in the virtual sex world. The Forums for posting comments to other users, and Wikis are great sources for learning and interacting with the games development team.
Updated day and night, the community is a true source for endless sex game content and activities!
Models
Virtual Hotties: 1000's of Models to Choose From
Movies
Recorded Game Highlights and Replays
Clothes
Sexy Exotic Playwear - Lace to Latex
Sequences
User Scripted XXX Fantasy Scenes
Toys
Custom SexToys for Any Insertion Fetish
Poses
Find the Perfect Poses for Your Fantasies
Free Download
REVIEWS
Adult Game Reviews
"...the latest and greatest virtual sex game."
The Virtual Sex Review
"...the best 3D sex game available on the market."
Adult XXX Games
"There are a lot of cool adult simulations on the Internet to download. One of the best is 3D SexVilla 2, definitely."
Read more...
TESTIMONIALS
Read what our customers have to say about 3D SexVilla!
"Just a quick note to say wow what a game I love it to bits, its so detailed and great fun."
"You made great game, and still improving it. That's great:)"
"I really like this game!! It has 2 of my favorit things all in one, video games and porn!!!"
"I would like to say that I love the game and I love playing it."
"I love the ability to customize the face."
ADULT GAME REVIEWS
adultgamereviews.com
"With about a gazillion options already however, I have to recommend this as the latest and greatest virtual sex game." Score: 4.5/5
THE BEST PORN
thebestporn.com
"A fun and unique way to live out all your virtual fantasies." "Perverted gamers and lovers of virtual 3D porn will have a blast with this one." Score: 78.3 "pretty good"
THE VIRTUAL SEX REVIEW
thevirtualsexreview.com
"3D SexVilla is, without a doubt, the best 3D sex game available on the market."
ADULT SEX GAME REVIEWS
adultsexgamereviews.com
"I didn't try every single option, there are so many that I didn't need to. Once playing this sex game you will love the interaction and flexibility of the game. It is entertaining, erotic and fun and 3D Sex Villa 2 is definitely one sex game that should be on your short list."
Rated 5 out of 5
ADULT XXX GAMES
adultxxxgames.eu
"3D SexVilla 2 offers a lot of advanced editors and easy to use creators. It allows to design own 3D models. Select one of pre-defined babes and change their look as you like. Virtual girl can look as the one from your sex dreams."
3DVSEX
3dvsex.com
"3D Sex Villa 2 is currently the best 3D virtual sex game around."
MMOVSG
mmovsg.net
"Compared to other games supporting virtual sex 3D SexVilla 2 is outstanding in this category, the possibilities for configuring and customizing this game and especially its sex actors are amazing, combining these customization options leads to long-term fun."
SEX GAME REVIEWS
"Other critics have cited 3D Sex Villa 2 as 'currently the best virtual 3D sex game around', and they may be right... "
BOARDBOSS
"Simply fantastic, quite unique, absolutely inimitable, extremely exciting, thrilling and truly awesome 3D Sex Games are waiting for you just one click away."
Free Download
PC SEX TOY SUPPORT
Give your virtual
3D sex experience a touch of
realism!
It's time to plug-n-plunge! Real-world sex toy devices can be connected via USB to your PC to create the ultimate feedback and tactile virtual sex play while gaming.
The girls feel the penetration of the toy and they moan, thrust and react to every stroke with increasing ecstasy until they reach climax. It's the next best thing to fucking for real, and you can do it whenever and however many times you want. Anal sex is also available.Buy Fleshlight Vstroker here
Free Download
News
Cum Together | 3D SexVilla 2.156
Let us introduce you to 4 new heartbreakers: Eric, Carl, Gerard and Khianna.
Let them have fun, naughty role plays and adventures in the new 3D SexVilla 2.
Newsletter
Do you want to receive information about products and releases of thriXXX regularly?Just enter your e-mail address and click "Signup for newsletter".
Signup for newsletter
Contact
© 2002-2016 thriXXX
www.thri.xxx
3D Sex Games contains copyrighted and trade- marked materials, images and videos that are only made available to customers of and/or visitors to 3D Sex Games and are subject to the
Terms Of Service.
By clicking to enter this site you affirm that you have read and agreed to all Terms.
Earn money with 3D Sex Games ?
WEBMASTERS click here!
We support RTA, ICRA and ASACP. Our websites are properly labeled to help protect
minors from accessing content that may be inappropriate for their viewing.
WARNING! This site contains uncensored adult content and is intended for adults aged 18 or over. All models on this site are represented as 18 or over.
Top
×
Members Login
Remember Me
Login
Forgot password?
×
Forgot password?
If you have lost your password, enter your email address and click "Reset". An email will be sent with instructions.
Errors:
LOST PASSWORD
Back to Login
×
Contact Us
You can use the contact form below to send us a message or request. Alternatively you can send an email:
General Inquiries & Feedback:info@thrixxx.com
Customer Service & Support:support@thrixxx.com
B2B Inquiries:business@thrixxx.com
Mailing Address
General InquiriesService & SupportB2B Inquiries
Your Message
Send Message
×
Thank you for subscribing!
Thanks for subscribing to our Newsletter! An email has been sent to
×
Signup
FREE DOWNLOAD
Running on Microsoft™ Windows only
Your system is NOT compatible with the games.Please check the system requirements below!
Enter your e-mail address below and click "Create Free Account" to get your free copy of "3D SexVilla 2"!
E-Mail Address:*
I'm at least 18 years old and accept the Terms of Service.
Create Free Account
In addition to my account I want to receive the thriXXX newsletter about new products, updates, and special offers via e-mail.
* We will not sell or share the e-mail address with others.
ABOUT TRUST ONLINE
×
Info
×
Signup
An e-mail has been sent to %emailAddy% with instructions to activate your account.Please check your in-box shortly and click on the activation link in the e-mail.If the e-mail does not show up please check your Spam folderin case it was flagged.
thriXXX Game Launcher
Download, install and run the thriXXX Game Launcher to access 3D SexVilla 2
Your download will start automatically!
If the download doesn't start, please click here.