https://www.adultfilm.blogspot.com
Adult Film Making
Adult Film Making
The Law of Adult Film Making
About Me
Name:
Adult Film Lawyer
View my complete profile
How Much Does a Porn Business or Adult Entertainme...
How To Make Adult Movies
Get Your Adult Industry Questions Answered - Live ...
THE SUPER BOWL OF ADULT IS ALMOST HERE...WILL YOU ...
Adult Industry Legal Issues - Week In Review
Adult Industry Legal Tip 8-18-09
Starting Adult Business - Adult Film, Movie or Adu...
How to Make Adult Films, Videos or Adult Websites
How To Legally Hire Hot, Beautiful, Sexy, Women & ...
Adult Film Newsletter....You need a great attorney...
June 2004
September 2004
November 2004
March 2005
May 2005
February 2006
March 2006
April 2006
September 2006
August 2009
November 2010
July 2013
Subscribe toPosts [Atom]
Thursday, July 18, 2013
How Much Does a Porn Business or Adult Entertainment Business Make - Are they still profitable?
A recent question was asked at one of our sister websites www.adultseminars.com.  The questions asked and answered is:
How
much money can I make by starting an porn or adult entertainment business?
The article hi-lights some of the porn business models that seem to be working today. Click here to get the full story
A.J. Comparetto, Esq.
www.adultbusinesslawyer.com
www.adultseminars.com
www.adultfilmmaking.com
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 10:23 AM
Monday, July 08, 2013
How To Make Adult Movies
Every day we receive emails, calls, faxes and sometimes even old fashioned mailed letters asking about filming adult movies.  Most are from people who want to be actors....sadly that is the hardest way of getting into the business and often the least financially satisfying.
My answer is simple and always the same - if you want to really get in the adult industry the best way is to hire yourself.  Click this link to read an article from our sister website www.adultfilmmaking.com on getting started in adult movies and adult websites.
webmaster
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 10:19 AM
Tuesday, November 16, 2010
Get Your Adult Industry Questions Answered - Live Call In Days
If you are interested in learning more about the industry please call in on our Open Line Call In Day for more information.
I remember 4 years ago, we met the founders of a little start-up called
"X-TUBE".
This web site skyrocketed to the top of Internet searches
literally overnight after the show.. Just because we made this contact
early, we were able to do great business together.
Contacts & The Correct Information Are Everything In This Industry
HERE IS YOUR NEXT OPPORTUNITY:
We have finally caught up with client
work, and we are opening up our telephone lines Wednesday and Thursday
from 1:00 PM - 5:00PM
(If you need to make a special telephone appointment, reply to this email and we will set one up for you).
“Special Call In Days” Wednesday & Thursday -
Please call only if you are serious (this stuff costs me an arm and a leg).
1-888-412-3858
Please be patient, phone lines tend to get very busy during these call in opportunities.
Here are some tips on how to get the most out of your FREE telephone consultation:
1, Tell the paralegal/ business advisor what your business timeframe is
… are you in a hurry to begin, or are you still in the research phase.
2, Take an inventory of your experience.
What have you done, or what
are you currently doing that you can direct to the development of an
adult company (for example: do you have access to models?
Do you have
technical training with computers, cameras; video equipment?
Do you
have a background in marketing and promotions?)
3, How much TIME do you have in your current schedule to invest in your new adult company?
4, Do you have partners? (this can affect the legal structure greatly)
5, What is your approximate financial investment (it is OK to start
with a low capital budget, but you have to be honest with yourself and
have the correct plan)
6, Do you have an “original idea”?
This is important: do not reveal your creative or original ideas during
your initial call – you must be a member or client BEFORE “attorney /
client” privileges are extended to you.
Make sure your original ideas
are “LOCKED UP” until you are ready to talk to me, or another qualified
attorney.
( I see million dollar ideas get stolen all the time).
These are important points to have clear in your mind before you make
your phone call.
Also, if you schedule requires us to make a special
telephone appointment, just reply to this email and we will be happy to
accommodate you.
Dedicated to your Success!
AJ Comparetto, Esq
Adult Seminars
888-412-3858
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 7:00 AM
THE SUPER BOWL OF ADULT IS ALMOST HERE...WILL YOU BE THERE
THE SUPER BOWL OF ADULT: For those of you who do not yet know, there is a “SuperBowl” event in the adult industry and it is called the AVN Show.
It only happens once a year.
It combines the most important trade show with the most important Award’s Show (ShowTime even televises the event).
And, obviously, it is a great place to meet all the adult celebrities and players in the industry. I always have clients that exhibit on the show floor, but this year we
are adding a new twist …
If you are an active client, and would like
to exhibit your past of new products and services, we are putting
together a cooperative trade show display.
This can give you a bigger
budget presence and a fully supportive team too.
This is the first time
we have ever opened up this opportunity to all members.
It is a great
chance for you to super-charge your business.
This is a very limited opportunity, and one that I can not guarantee will ever be repeated again.Your chance to exhibit:
For those that are interested in exhibiting at this once a year event,
respond to this email ASAP (space is limited, and time is short).Your chance to attend: If you would like to attend the AVN
show for research and networking, respond to this email too … we are
putting special packages together for all members and clients, so that
you get full access to the most important parties and other social/
networking events.And Don’t forget! Register for Our Upcoming Live FREE Web Seminar - This is a live event were you will hear from real industry experts live on how they succeeded in the industry.
I have always believed that if someone shows me how they did something I can learn it to.Register now at www.adultfilmmaking.comDedicated to your success!AJ Comparetto, Esq.Adult Seminars888-412-3858
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 6:54 AM
Monday, November 01, 2010
Adult Industry Legal Issues - Week In Review
Adult Business & Legal Week In Review SPECIAL REMINDER - Before we get started on the week in review -
Have you registered for next week’s premium Webinar?
I will have
technology experts demonstrate how the “I phone,” and other “smart
phones” are revolutionizing the adult marketplace.
There will be
BILLIONS of smart phones in the world within the next 24 months. This
is a must see seminar for anyone serious about participating in
the
future adult business.
Simply Register by calling 1-888-413-3858 Adult Business Week In Review Strategy meeting with a client and an International Billing Expert:
(Be careful, there are likely radical changes awaiting everybody in the
very near future)
Recently I had a strategy meeting with an
International Billing Expert.
One of my clients wants to attack the
worldwide Internet market and so should you nearly 1/3 of the world will be online by the end of 2010. ( ASK YOURSELF! How Can You Take Advantage Of The International Market For Adult Content?)
Special Notes for all Active Members and Clients: The real money
is in the ONLINE side of the industry
… that is where large scalable
opportunities are.
Balance creative
production and niche development
with creative marketing and niche
promotions – that is KEY. DVDs and
other traditional, old fashion
business segments are viable, but are not
as attractive as the new
frontier of technology driven content. Clients need to be a part of this in order to be successful in the future – and the future is right around the corner.WEDNESDAY: Had lunch with Tony Batman who runs A- Entertainment News
(Think of the E- Entertainment T.V. show just with adult celebrities).
Closed a nationwide promotional that takes advantage of Tony and the
Adult Industry’s special events and Club visits.
This guy touches
thousands of loyal adult consumers every week. (How many of you could take advantage of this?).
Special Notes for all Active Members and Clients:
Promotion and
Marketing is the most overlooked aspect of most people’s
adult business
plan.
The good news is that it is easy to leverage our
relationships in
the industry.
I have to remind my clients not to be
lazy with
marketing and promotions. THURSDAY: Private Business Development Meeting with one of the earliest and most successful online adult businessman.
If you remember the Paris Hilton’s Sex Tapes? … this is the guy who did
that deal.
He had the experience and great vision to obtain that tape
before Paris Hilton was famous.
He had information on some very
interesting MACRO-TRENDS are happening in the online adult
marketplace …
things that will re-set the entire traffic / revenue
equation. This
particular guy is excited about a new “Final Hoorah”
Business venture. Special Notes for all Active Members and Clients:
Often times
people ask me with a lowered voice – as if there is a
secret to be
shared – “AJ is there REALLY good opportunities in the
adult industry
today?
Well, here is a guy that has made millions over
and over and
over again … and he is more excited about his current
project than
anything else he has done before. Also, look how the
celebrity sex tape
gimmick made millions – but be careful about the
legal issues before you
do anything let’s talk privately. FRIDAY:
Conference with the owner of an Adult Network Marketing Company (think Amway ® but for adult).
Cut deal for a
“traffic trade” between
our high traffic web sites.
It
is a classic Win / Win.
This will
grow both of our business
immediately. Special Notes for all Active Members and Clients: He
also gave me
a very interesting statistic – the majority of the people
signing up
for the network marketing program are WOMEN– I recommend to
all my
clients to always be aware of the trends and numbers —they are
your
money source.
Women and couples are increasingly becoming a big
part of the adult consumer. Legal Issues Of The Week First Big Legal Issue - Pornotopia once again battles the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico
for a venue in which to hold its annual erotic film festival.
Pornotopia, which is scheduled for Nov. 5-7, is no longer welcome at
its previous home, the Guild Theater in Nob Hill.
The city has stated
that the site is not zoned for adult entertainment, the organizers have
been told. Similar zoning issues threatened the festival during its inaugural year in 2007, until lawyers for the ACLU intervened
How does this affect you? If
you are
running a web cam studio, production studio or other similar
adult
business you are subject to the zoning laws of your area.
I have
had
law enforcement enter my adult clients businesses to check for
zoning
compliance.
Obviously they were also on fishing expedition. Over the
years I have developed legal strategies to comply with these zoning issues and if you have any questions or concerns on the legal status of your adult business you should make contact with my office. Second Legal Concept Of The Week – In the past few weeks I have had clients ask me the following questions: Legal Question: – If I hire a web designer or consultant can this person steal my idea, concept or sell my videos or pictures. Answer: Proper use of contracts between you and your
vendors, consultants, video people and web designers is of extreme
importance.
Protect your ideas like you would protect the money in your
bank account or cash in your wallet.
LOCK UP YOUR IDEAS! - DO NOT DISCLOSE YOUR IDEA OR CONCEPT to anyone until you have the
proper legal contracts signed.
Also, I have seen so called – Adult Business Consultants sign non-disclosures and non-competes and then go ahead and steal or use the idea to compete.
Suing
someone is expensive it is better to use preventative law.
We
have
developed a legal strategy to protect your ideas – ask us.
This deserves repeating! You must know who you are doing business with this is your first line of defense –
Doing
business with the wrong person in this industry can ruin your business,
your reputation and your chance of ever making it in the industry – Don’t make this mistake
Featured Success Story Of The Week:
www.ejokesforguys.com Check out this new site just now coming on market … it is a slightly
naughty version of “Hallmark greeting cards meets The Office.” “ejokesforguys.com“
This is the kind of web site that could “go organic” and grow exponentially in a very short time … I love the innovation. I am also very proud that this business was born at our Punta Cana
seminar last year.
It took great care and attention to finally come to
life but again, this business has all the telltale signs of a big
success.
Look for yourself and see what you can take and use in your
own business plan. NEXT WEEK’S IMPORTANT EVENTS AND DATES:
IMPORTANT - don’t forget to register for our
upcoming Premium Client Webinar (only those that register will be sent a
complimentary recorded version).
Click this link to register now –
NEXT WEEK – having my monthly meeting with the owner
of Clips4Sale (I call him the 100 Million Dollar Man, because of his
company’s success) He always gives me some up-to-date and pertinent
information on what is selling and what is not – Stay Tuned.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT
– Next week we will be making a huge
announcement for our members and
the ones who pay close attention will
be able to take advantage of a
special networking, marketing and
publicity opportunity – So watch your
emails. HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
If you have any questions, just reply to this email … I try to answer
all serious replies personally.
Have a great weekend! Dedicated to your success, AJ Comparetto, Esqwww.adultfilmmaking.comwww.adultseminars.com888-412-3858
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 5:46 PM
Tuesday, August 18, 2009
Adult Industry Legal Tip 8-18-09
****************************Legal Tip Of The Day - KEEP IT A SECRET****************************Many people want to enjoy the benefitsof the adult industry...fun, profit, sexy peopleetc....while having their identities remain private.I always tell my clients it is better to flyunder the radar screen in this industry.Now the real issue is:HOW DO YOU DO IT?In this electronic age, it is so easy to justdo a little research and find out informationon anybody.BE CAREFUL!!!My smart clients already know the tricks toprotect their real identities ... Do You?Over the past ten years, my office has representedmany high net worth individuals who wanted to ownadult companies. But they also protected their privacy.I counsel everyone to protect their identities. It is agood practice to keep your business affairs private.Feel free to contact our office to discuss these techniquesand strategies. 888-412-3858A.J. Comparetto, Esq.Adult Film & Website Attorneywww.adultfilmmaking.com
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 8:21 AM
Saturday, August 01, 2009
Starting Adult Business - Adult Film, Movie or Adult Webistes
How To Start An Adult Website Or Adult Production CompanyEvery day I have people sign up for my newsletter who think they want to be in the adult film or adult internet business....most are wannabees who will never take one step into the biz. Others are people who just need a little guidance and direction. My Adult Film Industry newsletter is for these people. This free online newsletter provides the legal and business guidance needed to navigate the complex adult industry. To receive a free copy of this newsletter go to http://www.adultfilmmaking.com/.As part of your complimentary subscription you will receive our six step video tutorial on “Legally Starting Your Adult Business.”Remember you have to stay legal if you intend to make it in this business.Click the link below to register for the Adult Film Industry newsletter:http://www.adultfilmmaking.com/A.J.Comparettowww.adultfilmmaking.com P.S. If you are ready to get started call 727-328-7900
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 7:00 AM
How to Make Adult Films, Videos or Adult Websites
How To Legally Hire Hot, Beautiful, Sexy, Women & Men To Star In Your Adult Films.....Did you know that if you are not using my legal method for interviewing adult models that you could be arrested....Adult Film Attorney A.J. Comparetto is holding a FREE Web Seminar that will teach you the legally correct method for interviewing potential adult film stars so you avoid legal problems....From: A.J. Comparetto, Esq.Tuesday 9:32 P.M.Dear Friend,I want you to imagine yourself interviewing one of the hottest, sexiest porn stars you could imagine....who wants to star in the adult film you are getting ready to shoot. You are having a hard time asking the interview questions as you look at this sexy thing....You can't believe your luck. Not to long ago you dreamed of filming super hot women (or men if that is what turns you on) in super hot sex scenes. Now you are interviewing the girl of your dreams and she is hanging on your every word. You quickly ask her the question...."will she star in your upcoming film." She parts her wet lips, her chest slightly heaves as these words come out of your mouth."You are under arrest for solicitation of prostitution"... "You have the right to remain silent"... "You have the right to an attorney".... Your fantasy is shattered because you did not understand that interviewing models for adult films is a legal event that can get you arrested. Your adult film career is over before it has even started.Now if you think this is a "made up story" or some fanciful concoction you need to think again. Just three months ago, I was speaking with a new adult filmmaker who said he had been "set up" and arrested in this very scenario.Sadly, I told him that if he had followed my simple method of legally interviewing adult models and actresses that he could have prevented his arrest.Remember, you can have a great biz and make one legal mistake and in a flash you are in jail and your money is gone. You must stay 1000% compliant with all laws to run a successful adult film business.Next week, I will be doing a FREE web-seminar on:'How To Legally Hire Attractive Women & Men For Your Adult Films.'Here is how you can attend this important FREE web-seminar: 1 - A web-seminar is a private, password protected seminar that you can attend from the privacy of your own home on your computer or even your telephone. Very convenient, very easy and very informative.2 - To attend you have to go to http://www.adultfilmmaking.com/. You will need to register with your name and email and we will send you a passcode by email. We will also send you our FREE Adult Filmmaking Legal Newsletter. Really, if you are serious about the biz you need to be getting this information every single month...without fail.Dedicated to helping you succeed in the biz,http://www.adultfilmmaking.com/P.S. If you know that you want to be in this business you can also call us direct at 727-328-7900
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 6:44 AM
Tuesday, September 19, 2006
How To Legally Hire Hot, Beautiful, Sexy, Women & Men To Star In Your Adult Films.....Did you know that if you are not using my legal method for interviewing adult models that you could be arrested....Learn the legally correct method for interviewing potential adult film stars for your movies and avoid legal problems....From: A.J. Comparetto, Esq.Tuesday 9:32 P.M.Dear Friend,I want you to imagine yourself interviewing one of the hottest, sexiest porn stars you could imagine....who wants to star in the adult film you are getting ready to shoot. You are having a hard time asking the interview questions as you look at this sexy thing....You can't believe your luck. Not to long ago you dreamed of filming super hot women (or men if that is what turns you on) in super hot sex scenes. Now you are interviewing the girl of your dreams and she is hanging on your every word. You quickly ask her the question...."will she star in your upcoming film." She parts her wet lips, her chest slightly heaves as these words come out of your mouth."You are under arrest for solicitation of prostitution"... "You have the right to remain silent"... "You have the right to an attorney".... Your fantasy is shattered because you did not understand that interviewing models for adult films is a legal event that can get you arrested. Your adult film career is over before it has even started.Now if you think this is a "made up story" or some fanciful concoction you need to think again. Just three months ago, I was speaking with a new adult filmmaker who said he had been "set up" and arrested in this very scenario.Sadly, I told him that if he had followed my simple method of legally interviewing adult models and actresses that he could have prevented his arrest.Remember, you can have a great biz and make one legal mistake and in a flash you are in jail and your money is gone. You must stay 1000% compliant with all laws to run a successful adult film business.Next week, I will be doing a FREE web-seminar on:'How To Legally Hire Attractive Women & Men For Your Adult Films.'Here is how you can attend this important FREE web-seminar: 1 - A web-seminar is a private, password protected seminar that you can attend from the privacy of your own home on your computer or even your telephone. Very convenient, very easy and very informative2 - To attend you have to go to http://www.adultfilmmaking.com/. You will need to register with your name and email and we will send you a passcode by email. We will also send you our FREE Adult Filmmaking Legal Newsletter. Really, if you are serious about the biz you need to be getting this information every single month...without fail.Dedicated to helping you succeed in the biz, http://www.adultfilmmaking.com/P.S. If you know that you want to be in this business you can also call us direct at 727-328-7900
posted by Adult Film Lawyer | 6:44 PM